record travel

HONG91

| HONG91
4z Bed Half Moon

Organized by the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China

The Third Issue of the "Year of 1955
Table of Contents

Contents

Dasangkusui Week - ee Section

A whole new society.
A small factory is set up in a local way ...

Renbuta (9)
...Letter from the CPC Lupa County Committee 〈11D)

How the Xuguang Community Leads and Manages a Small Factory - Letter from the Ebao County Committee of the Communist Party of China (CPC) (15)
Two approaches to the development of national economy, two approaches to the development of national economy, two approaches to the development of national economy, and two approaches to the development of national economy.

The Ministry's viewpoint on the development of the housing industry

The Bamboo Shoots
The development of the national economy

Development of local industries in the "four belts Description of the program
De Chuan Ren

The Government is committed to the development of local industries in the "four belts".)
Wan De @2)
(26)
(30)
(247)
(247) -, (28)

There are

Check calcium ratio ae ooeeceoeo-

Min

...CPC Hubei Provincial Committee 33)
...and wan xia machine ct
29)
Night of Climax 36)
Dolce & Gabbana Industri... se (6)
Looking for factory its -ee (36)

||||
Romanticism and Realism

Guo Mo

Jean

five

In the development of Gibbonism, the antithesis of the paraproletariat, the proletariat, arose at the very beginning.
The proletariat's view of the world and of human beings, the progressively developing Marxism-Leninism, is responsible for transforming the world.
The worldview of the proletariat, the progressive development of Marxism-Leninism, which is responsible for the transformation of the world, has already brought a new light to the history of mankind. .

Since the success of the October Socialist Revolution forty years ago, more than one-third of humanity has been guided by Marxism-Leninism.
Under the guidance of Leninism, more than one-third of the population of the whole of mankind has mastered its own destiny, and every day it is creating unprecedented miracles.
Every day, they are creating unprecedented wonders. In terms of women's artistic activity, Chopsticks Leninism provides an ideal for Bourgeoisism and an ideal for Realism.
This became the revolutionary romanticism and the life-saving realism that we need today, or the appropriate synthesis of the two.
a proper synthesis of the two, a socialist realism.

In the last hundred years, although China has been constantly influenced by Western thinking, it has gradually become more and more socialist and realistic.
thought, but due to its gradual colonialization, the Chinese proletariat has been able to develop its own socialist ideology.
The Chinese proletariat has not yet been able to bring about a democratic revolution in a competent manner.
The Chinese proletariat has not been able to organize a democratic revolution in a competent manner. - As a result, the "May Day" of the 90,000th anniversary
The "May Fourth" movement took place in the 1990s, and the Chinese women's art movement and the Western women's art movement were in harmony with each other.
movement came into direct contact with the western Wave
The names of Liuism and Realism were popularized.
Some people were also interested in the "May Fourth" movement. After the May Fourth Movement, some

Some people also put such labels on the literary factions that emerged after the May Fourth Movement. For example, the Creation Society was labeled as
"Touwenism" and the Literary Research Society as "Realism". and the Literature Research Association, "Realism".
Hamamitsu, in fact, were just similar. But it's a good distinction.
That's a good distinction. It shows that in modern China
That's to show that in modern China, Romanticism and Realism have been in existence for a long time.
In modern China, Romanticism and Realism go hand in hand, Romanticism is anti-imperialism and anti-feudalism.
In less than a decade, both were working in tandem.

-In less than a decade, both ran through a hundred years of modern European history.
"Romanticism" and "Realism"? The Romantics and the Realists?
The "Romanticists" and "Realists" had already merged under the guidance of the Chinese Communist Party, forming a revolutionary female army.
A revolutionary feminized army. This feminized army, as Mao Zedong said in his
As Mao Zedong said, "It helped the Chinese revolution, made China's feudal culture and adaptability to imperialist aggression more effective.
It helped the Chinese revolution and made China's feudal culture and the bought-and-paid-for gynecization, which was adapted to the imperialist aggression, more and more difficult.
This army, as Mao Zedong said, "has helped the Chinese revolution, making the land and zones of China's feudal culture and the bought-and-paid-for feminization of China, which were adapted to the imperialist aggression, shrink by and by, and its power gradually come forward." ("Mao
This is the inevitable formation of the Chinese Revolution.
This is the inevitable formation of China. Chinese romanticism has not lost its
Chinese romanticism has not lost its destiny, but has long been subjected to the rationale of the Ming Dynasty, and Chinese realism has not been tainted by the Western tongue.
Chinese realism has not been tainted by Western influences, but has long
China's realism has not been tainted with the influence of the Western tongue, but has long been equipped with the soul of revolution. In particular, in 1941, Comrade Mao Zedong
In particular, in 1941, after the publication of Comrade Mao Zedong's "Gubing at the Yan'an Literary Symposium
After the publication of Comrade Mao Zedong's "Ice" at the Yan'an Literary Symposium in 1941, it is certain that the Chinese proletariat's literary
It is certain that the Chinese proletariat had a clearer direction for its literature and art.
1.

| The Chinese proletariat was in the process of developing a new direction for literature and art in China.
The romanticism and realism in art and culture were very strong in spirit and substance.
Romanticism and Realism are sometimes difficult to distinguish in terms of spiritual substance.
It is a general tendency that the former emphasizes the emotions and the latter the intellect.
But emotion and knowledge are the spiritual activities of human beings.
cannot risk having only emotion but no intellect, or only intellect but no emotion.
We can be so surnamed. When a person is young, he or she has more
The components of warmism are more, and the components of realism are less.
In the prime of life, the situation may be quite the opposite.
Therefore, it is impossible to analyze a writer or a work by chemical characterization.
It is impossible to analyze a writer or a work by the qualitative and quantitative methods of chemistry, to formulate his or its own theory.
It is therefore impossible to analyze a writer or a work by means of chemical qualitative and quantitative analysis, and to formulate his or its fundamentalist component as a percentage of the table.
The fundamentalist component of a writer or a work is one percent and the rationalist component is two percent.

A few percent. Xuan-u is the reflection and criticism of real life, if the

from this point of view, the essence of women's art activities should be
is realism. But the activity of the six knives is a figurative one, it
is imagined and allowed to run large, and the great writer of Rizheng
A great writer has to create his work on the basis of real materials.
He has to create a typical character in a typical environment.
Such a creative process, you can set it up as a sense construction.
The essence of artistic activity should be romanticism. Therefore, the essence of artistic activity should be romanticism.
If we compare it with the scientific activity, we can see that it is very

It is easy to understand that science is more realistic, literature is more "

provocative. In fact, even scientific activities cannot help but
need to imagine, not without the creativity of the rough and tumble. Science
Scientific research sometimes requires you to have one point of evidence to be able to acidic
You need to have scientific anticipation. This is not
not be based on the lawfulness of imagination. It is possible to synthesize the results of various
research results to form something that is not found in nature, such as the most advanced artificial earth
that is not found in nature, such as the most advanced artificial Earth satellite, that too
It is impossible not to give full play to a high degree of synthesized creativity.

Therefore, even scientific research contains a rich romantic

2.

The spirit of romanticism. It has been said that Marx's "Das Kapital"
It has been said that Marx's "Das Kapital" is a big script, which reveals the discrepancy between cynicism and scientific activity, between populism and realism.
It shows the difference between cynicism and scientific activity, between romanticism and realism.

The indivisible sameness, or the unity of the two.

It is difficult to determine the great writers of the past and present.
It's hard to decide whether they were evidentialist or realist.

"It is very difficult to determine whether he is a positivist or a realist. Let me give you some examples to illustrate.

For example, the great ancient Herman Juanzhu of our country, that

"Small is like a wave of the strongest. His "away from

Sense", his "Yuan Ge" and "Jiu Yin", utilizes a lot of
He uses a lot of material, he's got a great deal of skill, he's got a great deal of skill, he's got a great deal of skill, he's got a great deal of skill.
Chang Yue You Jun, cruising through the skies, not knowing where to stop.
Some of them went to the heaven, some of them went to the ancient times, some of them climbed to the
Sometimes he climbed up to the world, sometimes he sank down to the bottom of the water of Dongting.
In the sky, they are in love with the goddesses in different places.
I've been in love with a goddess in every place I've ever been.
It's not a 100% Wimpy? However, he is not trying to escape reality, to fulfill his own desires or for the sake of art.
fulfill his own desires or art for art's sake, but for the sake of
He was looking for an ideal and an ideal character to save the motherland, to save people's lives, and to promote the greatness of ancient China.
and to promote the great integration of ancient China. He is completely
He started from reality and returned to the present, putting his own life and death completely at risk.
He was completely indifferent to his own life and death. The things he cared about were all-encompassing.
He was concerned with all things, and in "Tian Xiao", the questions he raised about the formation of the universe, some of which he had not answered, were not answered at all.
questions about the formation of the universe, some of which we
I can't answer them today. This makes us can not help but paz, he is also a great realist.
He was also a great realist.

For example, our great modern writer, Shigeharu.
According to the general public, is undoubtedly a realist
Submerged. His "Shouting" and "To be had"? Inside the collection of small
authors are full of the essence of modern realism and the spirit of
and God. Some people three, and Lu also the charm of the first is accurate, the first

        1958

| |
The second is cold, and the third is still lifted. This from the surface Xiang
to be the stock to get past, his time li of solving before the knife Rui is
It's a good way to make sure you don't get stuck. But is it still "cured"?
No. No, Hwasun is not cold! His work is full of emotion.
Everyone knows that. The works in his "New Stories"
Some of them are from the past, some from before the beginning of the world, and some of them are very rich.
before the beginning of the world, and the rich imaginations of the two
into a splendid picture of flowers. Of course, he used it to
to assassinate reality, but can you imagine a time when he wasn't working in a wan
Warmist style? Therefore, I dare to go to the mountains, knowing that
It's not cured yet. The "Yu" of the "Yu" should be interpreted as the white heat of no fire.
The white heat of the flame. He is repressing his obsession with the most commercial
He is repressing his very strong feelings and not letting them show on the surface. His healing is the one that can be
He is a person who can be "cold to a thousand fingers". It is the "coldness to a thousand fingers" of a man. He was
A fighter like him will never be without his high honor.

Passion. So Shannon is a great writer of realism.
He's a great writer of realism, with a strong element of symbolism.
It's a whole lot of realism, and it's a whole lot of Walt Disney.

The most obvious example is our biographer Mao Zedong.

The most notable example is our biographer Mao Zedong. He developed Marxism-Leninism in China's revolutionary practice.
He developed Marxism-Leninism in China's revolutionary practice, and he was one of the greatest realists.
He was the greatest realist of all time, but I have to say that Mao Zedong was also the greatest of all time.
He was also the greatest romantic. He was

a great revolutionary, a great writer, and a great romantic.

He was a great revolutionary, a great writer, and a great human being. His writings have a great appeal.
Like the writings of Marx and Lenin, they contain a
much cynicism. But Comrade Mao does not
only write cynical essays; in recent years he has officially issued
In recent years, he has formally issued nineteen hezhangs, which have added to China's literary treasure trove.
I myself am particularly fond of the Zhu Cursed Songs. I myself am particularly fond of Zhu Cui
I am particularly fond of Zhu Cursing, and I am a bit narrow-minded, but Mao Zedong's writings are not the only thing he has written.
Issue 3

But the poems published on Mao's weblogs were a real treat to me. Of course, there are
Of course, there are also some experts who are more interested in the poetry of Pinggua Ge's foot.
The request, that can be "bone enough to Zhou Qiushou's not yet and not seen with the salary".
I don't see the salary". The nineteen songs of Mao Wen-Dong's "Jiang Xi" are
A typical combination of revolutionary realism and revolutionary romanticism.
This has already been assessed. I will now
Let me summarize my experience with "Butterfly Flowers".

"I have lost the willows of the Yangs.
The willows are so light that they go up to the top of the stockings.
What do you have?
I'll bring you some osmanthus wine.

"I'm so lonely, I can't believe I'm here.
The sky is full of dust, and it's a dance for the souls of the afflicted.
Suddenly, the drought was reported.
The wine flew suddenly into the pouring basin two.
The theme of this dynasty is not the nostalgia of Shan De, but in the
The theme of this dynasty is not the nostalgia of ShanDe, but the life of Zhi. It can be seen here that (1) the spirit of revolutionary soldiers is eternal.
(1) the spirit of the revolutionaries is immortal; (2) the revolutionaries have the optimism of the revolutionaries, and they are not interested in the life of the people.
revolutionary optimism, and their concern for their lives is life and death.
(#) The revolutionaries (Shugang and Chang'e) had a sense of righteousness for the revolution and the people.
(#) The revolutionaries have unlimited respect and sympathy for the revolution and the revolutionary martyrs; (#) The revolutionaries have revolutionary optimism and care for the lives of the people.
(4) The relationship between the revolutionaries and the masses should be like that of comrades.
(4) The relationship between the revolutionaries and the masses should be as close as that of comrades. These thoughts
These thoughts were visualized in the mere use of the Great Learning. This electricity
The loyal souls of the revolutionaries (Fei Kaihui and Liu Danggou), and the people of the revolutionaries, who were guided by the gods, were the most powerful and the most powerful.
There is the spirit of the revolutionaries Qi Er (Fei Kai Hui and Liu Dang Gou), the people of God's Garlic Conduction, the Guang Zha Bin and the laurel in the moon.
The laurel is also brewed into wine, and tears of joy can be turned into heavy rain.
The tears of joy can be turned into heavy rain, sometimes in the sky. Sometimes the sky is full of rain, and sometimes the people are in contact with each other.
The people are all in one piece in half a day. No need to wake up Dali gray stains also cloudy
There is the old-fashioned magnesium people's kind of numbness, and make Su Dongpo,
ae3.

| | | | | |
Xin Qiji's Zongqi also look people away. Here is the use of flow
The realism of the theme is set off in a very natural and vivid, deep and touching way.
The use of diffusionist and extreme pressure techniques here sets off the realist theme in a very natural and vivid way, which is deeply moving. This song is one of the
is a masterpiece of the present. If we are to create literature and art
If we want to find out how to make revolutionary realism and revolution
If we want to find ways to harmonize revolutionary realism and revolutionary acerbism in our literary creations, the words of Comrade Mao Zedong are a good model for us.
The words of Comrade Mao Zedong are a good model for us.

Of course, when I was last in Autumn, Comrade Mao Zedong
Mao Zedong's words were written in the same way as the words of his wife, with the use of the Liu masters.
I have to cite a few examples, but I do not know how to use them.
I am not going to cite too many examples, but all of Comrade Luang Zedong's writings are like this.
The writings of Comrade Luang Zedong are all like this, so please go and study them carefully.
I invite you to study and learn from them. However, I would like to give a simple example here to make it easier to understand.
But I would like to give a simple example here so that I can be more specific. It was in the first phase of the "Culmination" that a cooperative village was established.
The first phase of the "Cul-de-sac" was in the first phase of the "Cul-de-sac", a cooperative village. ~-The first issue of "Culmination of a cooperative village?
He: "Until death do us part. "Go with the mind of a florist.
God's man, there must be one. That doesn't make a difference. >"The cross
I'm going to meet this guy with a granite brain".
The adjective is a visualization of "unto death". It's a visualization of "unchanged till death do us part.
"unchanging", and this figurative note.
It is a great visualization of the word "unchanging", and it draws people's attention to it. I think it's the right
I think it's the right wing and the right wing first and second, and there's a good thing about spending half a day's brain? The sophomore, the doctor to
I think that the sophomore, who has a good mind and a good brain, may have been dead set on going to God here.
"Going to God" kind of thing. What? Or should I turn the flowers into cinnabar?
"to meet God and his people? It's a-- it's a-- it's a-- it's a-- it's a good example.
example, but it's a very specific example.
Ming. A thousand words of abstraction sometimes cannot be inserted into a
with a concrete example. This is where the image of a lease has
its vitality.

We are grateful to Mao Jingdong Zhouzhi, who guided the Chinese Communist Party and the Chinese people, to bring us out of two thousand years of Gui
Communist Party of China and the Chinese people, who have brought us out of the 2,000 year old Gui

and

Jianguanzhen. One hundred years of colonial slavery.
The people of the closed countries are constantly encouraged to "gather all their strength, strive to go upstream and build unionism more quickly and economically").
upstream to build unionism faster, better and more efficiently") to surpass Britain and the United States within a short period of time, and to bring China to the forefront of the world.
He wanted to surpass Britain and the United States within a short period of time and make China an earthly paradise.
Not only did he continue to make a lot of inappropriate speeches, but he also made a lot of inappropriate speeches to the Chinese people.
Not only did he continue to publish numerous unscriptural and schematic treatises, but he also developed the Bureau of Electricity in the course of revolutionary practice.
He not only continued to publish many different theses, and in the course of his revolution, he developed Ketan-Leninism to educate the 600 million people.
He has also published a number of model works in the course of his work.

- In addition, he has published literary and artistic works of the same type as his multivolume works.

It has the same significance as the multi-volume works. I am particularly pleased with the publication of Mao Zedong's works of romanticism.
The publication of Mao Tse-tung's "Meshiguibao" has highly emphasized the spirit of Romanticism and restored the romantic sense of the past.
spirit and restored the Romanticism to a high degree of
It restored romanticism to its honor. I, for example, have now come to the point of frankly admitting that I am a romantic.
admit that I am a romantic. This is what I have been doing for more than thirty
I have never felt like this since I started working in literature and art for more than thirty years. Of course, I still don't admit that I'm a romantic.
Of course, I am still not crazy about the fact that I am making art for art's sake.
I am still not crazy about art for art's sake, but some of my friends, who have always labeled themselves as realists, have indeed practiced this kind of medicine before.
But that kind of salary is unrealistic. But that kind of salary is unrealistic.
I am not trying to count the old days, but if we want to rewrite the "Five Stories", we will have to do it again.
But if we want to rewrite the history of Chinese literature and art since the "five out of five" period, we will have to do it again. But if we want to rewrite the history of the development of Chinese literature and art since then, I think we should adopt a scientific approach.
I think we should adopt a scientific method to correct the present situation.
Bamboo, Xiangzhafeng, Tian Xiaofeng, and others have defended the myth of the "one hand over the sky".
The myth of "one hand over the sky" should be completely shattered.
We need to learn from Comrade Mao, and learn from him on the basis of

We should learn from Comrade Mao, who, based on the application of Marxism-Leninism in the context of China, made the revolution victorious and the revolution a success.
He made the revolution victorious and the development of Marxism-Leninism possible.
We should study Comrade Mao for his skill in combining romanticism and realism to write monumental works.
and realism to write monumental works of literature and art.
The fly. I have to be frank, I admire Mao Zedong's
I am a great admirer of Mao Zedong. I am not a personal admirer of Mao Zedong, I am a person who is equally against the cult of the family.
I am a person who is also against the worship of the family. The personal worship that I am interested in is the worship of Mao Zedong.
In 1958

| | | | | | | |
The object of worship is not the person who is representing Standing Reason at that time.
The object of worship is not the person who is the representative of the person who is standing. If it is a person who represents the principle, such as Mr. Tikrit, Mr. Leshoure, and Mr. Mao Tse-tung, why don't we worship them as teachers?
Why don't we worship our teachers, such as Karl Marx, Leshoure, and Mao Zedong?
Of course, I'm sure that all these outstanding teachers are still the same.
The people are the people. Comrade Mao Zedong said: "Only by being a pupil of the masses can one be free of mind.
"Only by being a student of the masses can one be a teacher of the masses. ("Mao
("Selected Works of Mao Zedong" 886) Jean-Claude, Lenin, and Mao Zedong.
They were the ones who centralized the three masses. Zedong's Weblog
"Come from the masses, go to the masses".
Go to the masses? He has gathered the wisdom of the people, and has done his best to
He has also learned as much as he can about the world and the world, and it is precisely because he is a good learner that he has learned so much.
Because he was good at learning, he was good at putting things down, good at doing things and good at counting.
He is the most democratic Chopsticks, and at the same time, he is the most
He was the most democratic of the people's chopsticks, and at the same time, the most organized of the people's mathematicians. This outstanding individual is the result of collectivism.
This is not individual prominence but collective prominence.
It is not individual prominence but collective prominence. And the collective prominence of personalities from the revolutionary cause of the
We cannot oppose the "cult of the individual" and root for it.
We cannot oppose the "cult of the individual" and root it out. Of course, we don't just admire them.
We are learning. If we learn well, we may be able to surpass yesterday's sex. I'm sure.
I believe that this is exactly what Comrade Mao NeiMercury expects from us.

However, learning well is not so easy, nor is it so difficult that it is impossible.
It is not so easy, nor is it so difficult that it is impossible. Studying Comrade Mao Zidong
Naturally, to learn from Comrade Mao Zidong, we need to study his works.
As a makeup artist, you should also learn his style of inquisition. Learning poetry.
Naturally, we have to exercise on the word, the ancients have "chanting into a word, to the world catty total
It seems that in order to be a good Hmong man, it is necessary to learn how to make a good poem.
It seems that in order to be a good Hmong, you need to have all your teeth torn out. But I believe that Mao Zedong was not a man of the world.
I believe that Mao Zedong is not the kind of person who is frustrated to be a reed; he is not the kind of person who is frustrated to be a reed.
He didn't have a lot of time on his hands.
Nevertheless, his poems have achieved a level of excellence that has never been seen before.
Here is the secret of what he did in his work.
The 8th

before being a man in the village! Some people in the ancient times also knew this level.
The "first temperament and then literature and art" of Liu. Poetry is the art of
The art of language, naturally, can not help but through some skills
but it is not simply a re-qualification of skills. There are many poets
There are a lot of poets in China and abroad, and there are a lot of poets who are special in the world.
The "Specials" are the most important ones. We can say for sure that any poet who is exceptional is not only good in his previous poems, but also in his previous poems.
Not only is his poetry good, but also his person is good, or filial piety.

-I'm not sure if he's a good poet, but he's also a good person, or a better person than Zhu. Ge studied Mao Zindong's poetry, of course.

Of course, I studied him as a person.
Mr. Mao has told us that we should change our class position.
We have been told to change our class position. A number of comrades have practiced this.
Some of our comrades have practiced it and have become successful, but some comrades, including me, have gone mad.
But some comrades, including me, have practiced it and have become ill.
They are not sick, but still have to study. Mao Zedong
Mao Zedong's "Mushroom Talks at the Yan'an Women's Art Symposium".
"Please ask me to record it.
"If you want the people to know you, if you want to get along with them, you have to make a decision.
"You've got to make a decision. You've got to go through a long process.
Poetry is the numbing cup of pain. Here, I can give a brief account of my own changing political situation.
I would like to give a brief account of my own political changes.
Students are all over the people, in the school and
the school, in front of a large group of students who are not able to do a little bit of labor in front of the
I can do a little bit of labor in front of a large group of students who can't, like
picking up their own luggage, too, and being so poor that they don't look like that. At that
At that time, I thought that the only people in the world who did labor were the communists, and the workers and peasants were always the best.
The workers and peasants were always the best. The workers and peasants were always the best.
I could wear other people's clothes, thinking that they were ten times as good as those of the intellectuals.
I could wear other people's clothes, thinking that they were ten-kinds of clothes, but I didn't want to wear workers' clothes, thinking that they were dirty.
I didn't want to wear them because I thought they were dirty. After the revolution, I worked with the workers and peasants and the revolutionaries.
I became familiar with them, and they too became familiar with me.
I became familiar with them, and they became familiar with me.
5

| They also got to know me better and better.
At this time, and only at this time, I had also radically changed
I had radically changed the kind of superficial and petty proletarian feelings that I had been experiencing.
I had also changed my feelings like a realm and a small change of class. At this time.
At that time, when I compared the fully reformed intellectuals with the workers and peasants, I felt that the intellectuals were not as good as the peasants.
The comparison between the reformed intellectuals and the workers and peasants makes us feel that the intellectuals are not doing their job anymore.
The cleanest are the workers and peasants, even though their hands are black and their feet are covered with cow urine.
Even though their hands are black and their feet are covered with cow urine, they are still cleaner than the proletariat and the small proletariat.
Even though their hands are black and their feet are covered with cow urine, they are still drier than both the proletariat and the small proletariat intellectuals. This is the reason why the Chinese
the feelings of the workers and peasants changed from one class to another.
"one class." ("Selected Works of Mao Tse-tung" 873)
Comrade Mao Tse-tung's personal experience of this kind is so deeply moving!
How deeply moving! But it's a pity that after sixteen years on this path.
many of us have not been learning in this way. Of course, it's not too late
Of course, it's not too late now to "take the granite fly
to God with a granite brain", there is still plenty of time to learn. In this
I have come to realize with great urgency that the policy of decentralization that we are carrying out at present is very correct and very good.
The policy of decentralization is very correct and very important. Because of
Comrade Mao Zedong always told us that we should go to the countryside or to the factories to "run around".
factories, I have recently traveled to Zhangjiakou Prefecture.
I recently went to Zhangjiakou for two weeks.
I recently went to Zhangjiakou for two weeks to "observe the flowers", and was indeed given a very good education. In the days of the Great Leap Forward in industrial and agricultural
In the neighboring days of the Great Leap Forward in industrial and agricultural production, the enthusiasm of the local building and knocking
The local construction enthusiasm was in full swing, and it was in full swing. Everywhere, water conservancy projects are being
water conservancy projects are being carried out everywhere, opening up valleys and rivers.
The rivers are flowing up and down. Everywhere, small and medium-sized industrial
construction, learning as we go, building as we go, and producing all kinds of
products are produced even before the factories are established.
There are all sorts of products being produced even before the factories are established. Everywhere there were new things, everywhere there were paintings, poems and pictures.
There are paintings everywhere, and the vividness and imagination of the poems and paintings are deeply moving.
It is a big river city. This is a big river city.
Anyone who comes here can't help but be mesmerized. The air is
The air is sa 6.

The air is sa 6. It's hot, it's poisonous, it's got a--
It's just a "cold drink," and it's a little too hot to handle. However, there are also
However, there are some who say that they are "too busy to do anything".
We are busy, but in an organized and orderly manner.
While they were building and repairing the mountains, they were organizing songs and dramas.
The provinces are in a state of flux, and there is a lot of drama going on. The enthusiasm for production is high, and the labor
The labor songs are also overrated. The sun is the moon, and the heart
The moon as the sun, hard work is not a problem.

"Under the moon, we press the river of mud, and drag it to the ground.)
The bureau stretches much-moon zs)
Ye, by, like fly good bunch of sky panic.
Yan wind Huodi, sweat Joe full of face.
This year, more than a thousand pounds of river mud.
Next year, the increase in production want to pseudo Wanzu.
This is a new folk song.
"The moon is full.
"The river is flowing.
"The long mins are broken up in the air.
A truckload of fertilizer and a truckload of songs.

Here's another folk song.

These songs are sung with such optimism, such confidence, and such elegance.
confident they are, and how harmonious and elegant they are!
Mighty! What could Li Zi and Du Fu have done? But what could Li Zi and Du Fu do?
Could Bia do it? No, they were born too early.
They were born too early. This is the new breath of the new era, the new era of the East
The phoenix. If we want to find new works of modernism, we should look for them in the countryside, in the factories.
I think we should look for them in the countryside, in the factories, in the construction sites.
and in the construction sites. The enthusiasm of the working people for building social
The passion of the laboring people for building socialism has become a flood of poetry. Women
art writers should study and look for the Manichean Party, but not here.

1958

| The Writers' Association of the United States of America
Where else would they go? The current era of Tianjiu Jin should
The current era of Tianjiu Jin should be the era of romanticism, which is the era of straw life, and the era of realism, which is the era of revolution.
is the era of revolutionary realism. Reality is already running ahead
only waiting for women writers to reflect it. I went to Zhangjiakou
I went to Zhangjiakou, and naturally wrote ten poo kyu, the last of which was
The last sentence of the song is, "Forcing the craftsman to write about the unknown," which is my actual feeling.
The last line of the last poem is, "I forced the local craftsmen to write the unknown", which is my actual feeling. I didn't make those poems.
I didn't make those poems, they were made by the laboring people and written by my hand and pen.
They were written by my hand and pen. The relationship between people is so intimate! Brothers
Brothers are not that kind, fathers and sons are not that kind, couples are not that kind.
A new kind of closeness and vividness is stealing in the air.
A new kind of relationship and a new kind of vividness, which makes the individual feel comfortable at times.
Trojan Horse, the mineral deposits, I Park, Platinum are all in the base of the new era.
The breath of a new age. You see, pork grows in the wind, fruit grows in the wind.
Pork grows in the wind, fruit grows in the wind, food grows in the wind, steel grows in the wind, and all of them seem to be working for the realization of the new era.
As if all of them are making the greatest efforts to realize the total Lu Mang
They all seem to be making the greatest effort and the closest group car for the realization of the General Roadmap.

When a person reaches this Zen state, how can I remain unchanged? That is
"Granite group mind? Also have to change. The landowners and peasants used to oppress me.

underfoot became directors of cooperatives and societies. The purpose of the program."

The teenager became a model worker who not only worked, but also played the huqin.
play the hokum. The young girls are production models, buckling
activists, and can perform on stage in the Jin Opera, which they have learned from the old performers at the production center.
They learned it from the old entertainers in the production area. The river is
uphill, and the earth was offering treasures, so we could only change, and the era before the pengqian was the era of
The time before the war was the time of heaven and earth! This isn't an unthinkable thing.
This is a great liberation of the productive forces of the people.
The people have developed their potential. This is not a temporary situation, but a "long term" one.
This is not a temporary situation, but a "long-lasting one. The sun will set in the sky, but the sun will never set on the people.
The sun in the sky has a time to set, but the sun in the human world never sets. It seems that the heavenly
of the sun in the sky is going to fall behind in the race. A Great Leap Forward
Issue 38

of a folk song is fighting the sun Kew.
"Sun Sun I ask you
To the coming north one here?

I've been working for half a day.
I've been working for half a day, and you've been caught up.

We came back in the dark.
And you're in the field.

The sun is shining and I'm sick of you.
Political plowing enemy to compare?"
I think Comrade Sun will have to raise his hands and smile.
I surrender! I surrender! Allow me to take the place of the sun.
A Pu bar.
"Good for you, comrade.
I raised my hands and surrendered.

I because I have to run towards the west.
It's only half a day you're angsty to.

Things are bad in the West.
People who don't work are just fooling around.

Fifteen years is not necessary.
Comrade, I guarantee it.

To many decentralized women's art cadres and science and technology departments.
Most of them have already changed their wombs and are beginning to blossom.
They're starting to blossom. Science and technology have been harmonized with production, and not only has production improved, but science and technology themselves have also improved.
and production, not only did production improve, but science and technology themselves also improved. Literature
7.

| The same is true for the arts.
The same is true of art. We went to the countryside on the same road as Ayu
and several other painters, they got the spirit from the local street paintings, and produced a lot of paintings with the atmosphere of life.
from local street paintings, they painted a lot of life-like
They were able to create a lot of things that had a sense of life outside of their paintings.
They also embraced the spirit of collectivism, collective conceptualization, collective tamping, and collective revision.
Collective conceptualization, collective composition, collective revision. According to his own pigeon, this is not possible in Beijing.
According to him, this would not have been possible in Beijing. I myself had such three parties. Mao Zedong
Mao Zedong has been in Beijing for a long time, and his brain has
When I go to a place, I can come back by myself. That's true.
That's true. I've seen the decentralized comrades and cadres
They have been given the opportunity to change the political situation completely and are able to "change" quickly.
They can quickly "change from one class to another".
What do you think?" They were able to "change from one class to another" very quickly. I wonder how much more they have produced from this kind of soil.
how many more bright and colorful spiritual production
from such a soil!

The short period of time spent at the local level only allowed us to feel a sense of revolutionary romanticism.
only a touch of revolutionary romanticism, but only a few poems or short works.
Poetry or short works. If the cooking is lyrical, it Qin will be
shake hands with or embrace Romanticism. In the local labor
long time, you will be able to observe the place more closely, experience it more deeply, and conceptualize it more completely.
and more complete, it is possible to produce an interplay of published works. This is the central point.
is more in line with the style of the Romanticism. This
Such a prospect is clearly in front of us.

My view is that whether it is romanticism or
romanticism or realism, as long as it is revolutionary, it is good. Revolutionary
Revolutionary Romanticism, which is based on the tone of "wave-oilism," and the more
revolution, that's the tone of romanticism, and the more neutralism, the poetry may be more in this kind of
Revolutionary realism, then, is based on Revolutionary realism, which is based on realism, and feastism.
Revolutionary realism, which is based on realism, is combined with Francophilism, and novels may develop more of this style.
The novels may be more in this style and style. The form of the dust bowl will change.
The form of the belly will change. I'm sure it'll get bigger.

One.

Daehong 2 middle school of mesquite, will always oil all the old forms.
and create a new form that is in harmony with the times and the people of the village.
New forms will be created. This is completely predictable.

We can say that we are still in the difficult stage of preparation.
We can say that we are still in the difficult stage of preparation, and that the soul engineers should first create more of their own spiritual manifestations.
First of all, they have to "change from one class to another" and start from the middle class to the lower class.
The first step is to "change from one class to another class", to change from the intellectuals of the proletariat and the petty proletariat to the communist intellectuals of the proletariat.
intellectuals to proletarian and communist intellectuals. Mr. Mao Wendong, in general, wanted to "change from a class to a different class".
Mao Wen-dong always said, "The base of the Hungarian people is to be the hiring of the Chinese people, and they have to change from a class to another". The first step was to "realize the importance of the communist ideology".
He also said, "It will take more than ten years to solve this problem thoroughly.
It will take more than ten years." (The Selected Works of Mao Zedong, 879).
This is what I said ten years ago, and with this friend, of course.
It's been more than a decade and a half, but it's only today that I've resolved to change my position.
But is it possible for a friend who has only today resolved to change his or her position on the rank and file to take a real leap forward?
I think it's possible. I think it is possible. Our country is now on the road to
advancement, and we will not allow a few intellectuals not to make a leap forward! King of the Ten
"Recognize the way, and the paper will be safe." Today is the day to wipe away twenty years.
So, ten years of suffering can be much shorter.
Of course, this is not about suffering less, suffering less.
Of course, it's not about suffering less, suffering less, but about suffering deeper, suffering more, suffering more.
It is not about suffering less, but about suffering more deeply, more uniquely, and therefore less fashionably. The question is whether you are in the right place.
The problem is that you are motivated, energized, and ready to go to work. The question is whether you are motivated to do so.
I'm not sure if I know how to use the "quicker, better and cheaper" method.
We are going to follow the path of socialism, and under the guidance of the Party, we are going to look for a way out.
We will dedicate all our strength, shortcomings and lives to work for the construction of the country.
construction. The Party's philosophy is that "there is no right in the world, but there is no wrong in the world. There is no such thing as a good man in the world, but only a good man who looks at his heart.

Please let us hold high the bamboo clan of the general line, and, in the calculation of the
realism in the creation of literature and art, for China's literary
art world, in a not too long period of time, liqian
A new level will be achieved in a not too long period of time!

June 20, 2015

The 9353gth

| | | | | |
A new society, a new person
Chan Pak Kwan

While completing the socialist revolutions of Ch'ien-hsin, the government and the war, we will gradually realize the technological and cultural revolutions, and give priority to heavy industry, industry and agriculture.
In the meantime, we will gradually realize the technological and cultural revolutions, and give priority to the development of heavy industry, industry and agriculture, and centralize the development of the public sector. Public
Under the conditions of centralized planning and division of labor, central and local industries will be developed together, and heavenly enterprises and small and medium-sized enterprises will be developed.
 These are the second day of the Party's First Congress of the People's Republic of China based on Comrade Mao Fusi's visit to formulate the drumming up of energy, striving for advancement, and making more progress.
Drumming up energy, striving for upstream, fast and good street construction of the general line of villagerism contains several key points. The shape of the actual more jade more clear
The clearer the shape, the clearer the understanding. On the road to accelerating the development of China's chuenism, it is important to fully stimulate the spirit of creativity, the spirit of the masses and the spirit of the people.
These points carry a very great revolutionary significance.

Since the autumn and winter of last year, in the campaign to build up water conservancy and fertilizers in the countryside, the power of local and mass initiative has already been demonstrated.
The power of local and mass initiative has already appeared. The power of this high degree of initiative has been demonstrated again in the local campaign to build small and medium-sized industries.
The power of this spirit of initiative has been demonstrated again in the campaigns for building small and medium-sized local industries.

According to the materials of the State Bureau of Statistics, this year, various small and medium-sized industrial and mining enterprises have been started and built by local units and agricultural cooperatives, totaling more than several hundred thousand.
The total number of industrial and mining enterprises is more than hundreds of thousands. What is particularly worthwhile here is that (1) the small and medium-sized industrial and mining enterprises that can be built before next year's big month will have a total of 1,200,000 units.
The number of small and medium-sized industrial and mining enterprises that can be built by next year is particularly worthwhile.
There are more than one hundred small-scale steel-making plants to be completed by the end of next year, with a capacity of 10,000,000 tons, equivalent to the existing steel-making capacity of Trench Post.
(3) More than 2,400 small and medium-sized non-ferrous gold mining enterprises will be built, which, when completed, will be able to add 10 million tons of steel-making capacity, equivalent to the existing steel-making capacity of Trench Post.
The output of gold and gold mining enterprises will exceed that of the Principality in 1957. ...... so and so short.

So it seems, as long as in more than a year's time flash, the development of small and medium-sized industries of the local release planning tiger mode, there are a number of ministries and stations
Will go on even better than the first five-year plan like the rest of the country rules and regulations. Some of the industrial sectors originally intended to wait until the 19th day of the second year, that is, the first five-year plan.
The production volume which could only be reached in 19 or 20 years, when the first five-year plan was completed, may be reached in this year due to the large number of local small and medium-sized industries.
It is possible to achieve this in this year.

In agriculture, we have also been able to see that if there are no major natural disasters, the harvests of some of the crops we need this year will reach or reach the target.
This year, if there are no major natural disasters, the harvests of some of the most important crops will reach or approach the yields of the last year of the first five-year plan, which was previously proposed.

All these are the conditions under which the spirit of local initiative and the spirit of mass initiative have been fully developed and controlled, and our society has been able to realize a great leap forward in productivity.
The gluten of the great leap forward in productivity.

Of course, possibility is not the same as reality. It is only necessary to remember that the workers and peasants, under the guidance of the Party, are making a great leap forward in the form of a new generation of workers and peasants.

The 8th of .9.

| | | | | | |
If we remember that the masses of workers and peasants, under the guidance of our Party, are working with the heroic spirit of "Chang Gong Yi Shang" millions of times more to create more and more novelties of labor, and if we think of the endless potentials hidden in various places, then we can agree that the possibilities mentioned above will surely become reality.
If we think about the endless potential of each place, then we will be able to realize that the possibilities that we have mentioned above will definitely become reality.

The "Road to Recovery" and the several key points it contains have thoroughly solved the problem of the high speed of development of China's people and the development of the country's people at a high speed.
It has also revolutionized society as a whole.

In this issue, we publish the articles of "Xuguang~- and the society to run a small factory with two methods" and "Xuguang's past and its future" of the Hubei Echeng County Committee. and "Xuguang's past
and "How Xuguang has been organizing and managing small factories? The two newsletters described Both newsletters described new developments in a cooperative.
The first newsletter is about a new project in a cooperative. The first newsletter describes how the cooperative organized a series of "small factories*" and thus contributed to the development of the farming community. which in turn contributed to the development of agriculture.
The second one describes how the cooperative brought agricultural and industrial management together, and how this was the first step in the development of the cooperative.

This is a quick and effective way to show the role of local and popular initiative in the industrialization of the Principality of Ghana.
The role of the masses in the industrialization of the Principality of Xiban. Through these two articles, we can see that in the Great Leap Forward, China is in the midst of a new house and new people.
The masses here are almost a group of heroic and heroic men with the greatest vigor and ambition. They dare to think.
To do, and do, and good at listening to everyone's views, down-to-earth, people reasonable, organized. A road.
There are ideals, and there are ways. With Comrade Mao Zedong's warping as, they are in the original that blank spot, ""write the latest and most
"write the newest and the most beautiful writing", "draw the newest and the most beautiful pictures".       --
The practices of this collaboration and knee-jerk approach are generally as follows.
1. The transformation of a cooperative into a grass-roots unit of both agricultural and industrial cooperation is in fact a merger of agriculture and industry.
(1) To turn a cooperative into a grass-roots unit with both agricultural and industrial co-operation, and in effect a people's commune combining agriculture and industry.
(2) The purpose of setting up industries is to meet the needs of the cooperative as a whole and to serve agricultural production rather than to make money.
The purpose of industry is to meet the needs of the cooperative as a whole and to serve agricultural production, not to make money.
3# ) To keep things simple, starting with small factories and expanding them later.
(4#) The cooperative developed a movement for "jack-of-all-trades," which was both labor and safety. The members were taught agricultural techniques as well as industrial skills.
They had to learn both agricultural and industrial techniques. "They were peasants in the fields and workers in the factories.
They learnt at the same time and "made friends" everywhere. The first step is to get some general knowledge of science and technology, and then to seek to learn more about it.
Business. The technological revolution and the feminization revolution are in harmony.
(6) Managers learn to manage, but they also have to learn technology, and they are workers as well.
With the exception of a few special cases, work in industry and macro-industry was credited. As a rule, factory work must not be higher than agricultural work, nor must it be higher than agricultural work.
Generally speaking, factory work should not be higher or lower than that of agriculture, but it should be kept flexible, and should vary according to the specific conditions of the work.
But a certain degree of flexibility is maintained, depending on the circumstances of the work.
(8) The hours of work in industry and agriculture are the same, and if they are increased, a system of credits is adopted in order to penalize the work of the workers.
0 Labor 958

| The work of the workers is not subject to the same conditions as that of the workers.
Reward.        II
(9) In accordance with the principle of integration of industry and agriculture, small factories have a plan for year-round struggle and a plan for implementation in separate pots.
There are also plans for implementation in separate pots.
What this cooperation has done is to show that our country is able to develop its productive forces at an unprecedentedly high rate, to develop its economy at an unprecedentedly high rate, and to develop its economy at an unprecedentedly high rate.
This means that our country can develop the productive forces of society at an unprecedentedly high rate, eliminate the distinction between industry and agriculture and between mental and physical labor more rapidly than ever before, and thus
The right way to create smooth conditions for the transition from socialism to communism.
I think it's entirely possible.

More than a hundred years ago, Gus, in his book "Principles of Communism", wrote that he would like to see a new way of doing things in order to realize the full realization of communism. In his work "Principles of Communism", Gus argued that after the total abolition of private ownership.
"The excess of production over the recent needs of the Temple, instead of causing a catastrophe, will ensure the satisfaction of the needs of all the citizens, will give rise to new needs, and will at the same time give rise to new needs.
New needs will be aroused, and at the same time means will be created by which such new needs can be satisfied." "Using the entire power of the Zhukai to jointly color the
"The new development of production and the consequent development of production by the power of the whole society will also require a completely new kind of man, and the help will be created to create this new man.
"An industry planned by the whole community and operated for the common good requires even more capable people in every respect, i.e. people who can understand the whole system of production, who can understand the whole system of production.
That is to say, men who can understand the whole system of production." "Mathematical education enables young people to familiarize themselves quickly with the whole system of production, and it enables them to adapt themselves to the needs of society or to their own needs.
It enables them to move from one sector of production to another in turn, according to the needs of society or their own preferences.
"...... The conflict between the city and the country will disappear. Those engaged in agricultural and industrial labor will be the same people, no longer two different classes.
longer two distinct classes, and this has become for material reasons a necessary condition of the communist union." Ing.
What Shan was saying at the time was an ideal based on the laws of social development. It may or may not be changed, in the context of our Party's general policy of building unionism faster and better.
Under the Party's general line of "building communism faster, better and more efficiently," Naokwang Ilsha is realizing this ideal of the Founder of Scientific Communism in real life, concretely and step by step.
Is it possible to realize the ideals of the founder of scientific communism in real life? I am sure it is possible to do so.

The titles of the two newsletters were both labeled "A Little Factory". The title of both newsletters was very progressive, "The Little Factory". But these "little factories" are linked to agriculture.
However, this kind of "small factories", which are linked to agriculture, have unlimited vitality because they represent an irresistible, new, advancing force, the power of the Communist Party, and the power of the Communist Party of China.
They represent the irresistible, new, advancing force of communism.

From the time when Guangyi ran a small factory with local methods
E-cheng County Committee of the Communist Party of China

In the days of the Great Leap Forward in Agricultural Production, Zhangbei Province Rh of

E-cheng County, Du out of the light Tan light the first agricultural production cooperation and the society was organized quickly. The production of . The results are great. Just one more
Run a neck granular fertilizer factory, agricultural common manufacturing Wo with three, agricultural production "on the production of more than 40,000 pounds of bee granular fertilizer, made and people Wo Li
Phase 3 ,11.

| | | | | |
A variety of hair tools, tools four hundred and eleven. Joint processing
The joint processing factory also began to be hemp noodles. The difficulty of lack of fertilizer was solved.
The bottom fertilizer of the cotton field was all used in the granular fertilizer of self-wood.
Now they are making fertilizers for rice and cotton.
These small factories promote the development of agricultural production and also increase the cooperation between the cooperative organizations.
These small factories promote the development of agricultural production and also increase the income and reduce the expenses of the cooperative.
"The original plan was to buy new plows, which cost 10 yuan each, but the small factories made their own machines.
The factory's homemade machine only has a few yuan; the cotton sowing machine is ready to be purchased.
The plan was to buy a new type of plow, which cost thirty-four yuan each, but now the small factory is making its own machine, which costs thirty-four yuan.
The use of three village ice uranium modified rolling simple strip sowing curse, only one yuan each.
The price of coloring material is five yuan per hundred pounds, and the water factory produces it for only one yuan.
The water factory produces only one dollar and twenty cents. In just one
In just one month's time, the society saved more than one thousand dollars.
Run these small factories also promote the orthopedic technology.
The small factories have also promoted orthopedic technological development. In the past year or so, the double-stay has only changed

In the past year or so, only thirteen types of work and methods of operation have been clarified and improved.

After the establishment of the small factory, they have not invented and created twelve tools within a month.
Twelve tools were invented within a month after the establishment of the small factory. In the past, even the small factory thought of utilizing power tools.
Now it took a few men only one night's work to make the tool.
"In one night, a few men made a general machine for eleven dollars. The same is true for the
As the director of the agricultural tools factory, Comrade Ren Baozi, said, "We only know what we can't do, but we don't know what we can't do.
I'm not sure I can do it. *The small factory pointed out the bright future of the industrialization of the village.
The bright future of industrialization of the village. Some of them only cursed.
"In the past, we always talked about industrialization, but in fact, we don't see it now.
Now. The wine is coming closer and closer.
This bamboo organized these small factories, the province has hit the country
We need a woman, a man, a machine, but we rely on the masses.
It was run by the masses, using the Huai method and the Shang Shang method.
The bamboo adhered to three principles in running the factories. Firstly
Firstly, according to the strength and source of responsibility, we started to run only small-scale factories, and then gradually expanded them.
First, in accordance with the needs and resources available, we started with small-scale factories and gradually expanded them later on.
The first was based on the principle of "2.

Firstly, in the spirit of 2. serving the agricultural production, we should not do it only for the sake of earning money; thirdly, the factories should be organized in different levels.
Thirdly, the factories that should be operated should be prioritized.
Thirdly, the factories that should be operated should be prioritized and the factories that should be operated on the current agricultural production should be operated.

Solve the problem of capital by relying on the cooperation of the masses

The first problem they encountered in running the factories was where to get the funds from?
Where did the money come from?

To run these small factories, they needed more than $35,200, one hundred and fifty-two dollars.
The money that Jean-Louis had collected from the production of the factory for seven years and the public savings were more than $40,000, but this could only be used as a source of money for the poor.
Although there were more than 40,000 yuan, this could not be used as a source of funds for the production costs of the small factories.
In 1958, the production costs of the family theater industry were reduced. The management committee
The Board of Management met to study the matter and decided to draw 22,000 yuan from the agricultural production fund.
The committee decided to withdraw $22 from the agricultural production expenses for the factory and return it to the factory after the harvesting of oil tea seeds.
The oil tea seeds will be returned later. However, this amount of money was still not used.
However, this amount alone was not enough for the factory. Comrade Hu Qi-stubborn, the director of Xu, remembered the words of Comrade Peng Ying of the county party committee.
Comrade Peng Ying's words: "All difficulties can be solved by the masses.
So, the committee decided to hold a meeting with the people to solve the problem.
The committee decided to solve the problem by means of a public inquiry and set a "reasonable price".
A "reasonable price, buy at the price, pay back in installments, and pay interest every month".
and pay back in installments with monthly interest. The government also set up a "reasonable price, buy at the price, pay back in installments, and pay interest every month" charter.

The members of the society were very enthusiastic about the idea of setting up factories and industrialization.
They were very enthusiastic about this, and after learning about the program, they were very excited.
They sang: "Sex is in the air," they said. They sang: "Sex symbols are sprouting every year.
We're young, we're young, we're young, we're young.
We are going to set up three factories in January, and we are going to be a walk in the park," they sang.
I'm going to use it to do my own work. The fluffy fertilizer is just right, not fluffy, not loose.
Not to be dispersed. The cost of power generation is low, and joint processing is much more
It's very strange. No need for machine clamping, the machine is closed.
The machine is made of white flour, automatic hemp and automatic drag. Stone Chun
The stone eye is returned to the human museum, put it still for the party to play! "The masses
The energy to run factories is ten, Xinqi Xian lack of gold and raw materials.

958

| | | | | |
We are all active and proactive to the trip. Zhou Bureau of Mal put to stay
three years to prepare for the transfer of marriage when the wood to make a table are all out of the
The first thing I want to do is to ask for it. He said, "The wedding is only for one person, but the factory is for the whole family.
family." Mr. Luk Sang-nao, a senior member of the company, also offered 100 pieces of wood from the plantation to the cooperative.
He also actively mobilized others to help him.
He also actively mobilized others: "In the past, among the old Zhangzi people, we saw the point that we had to eat and wear clothes, and we had to pay for the food.
In the past, among the old Zhangzi people, we had to eat, wear clothes, and keep the money in the hands of outsiders.
What's the use of keeping money in our hands, take it out and set up factories to realize industrialization.
What's the use of holding on to the money, take it out and set up factories, realize industrialization, children and grandchildren will be blessed, and we
We also have more work to do in the next two years. In this way, the public and the masses invested
The public and the people invested more than 5,000 pounds of wood, more than 1,000 yuan of gold. The gold is in the way,
The difficulty of lack of raw materials was solved initially.

Simple and simple, and start from scratch

After the Chatai raised, and some people remembered the
The scene of those big factories in the city. Society only Hu Yunlong sparse.
"to the office, on loi have a look, recruiting the house to build up and then
Long "There are also people who want to put the factory building curse preparation and so on all the problems are solved.
After the second time, we started to work on the production. The SFC has developed this
The Committee recognized that this kind of thinking was a noteworthy trend, and held a meeting of the whole committee.
The committee held a general meeting with all the members, and the director of the society, Mr. Hu Changlian, told everyone at the meeting that they would like to start the production.
The director of the society, Hu Changlian, told everyone at the meeting: "We are going to start our factory, and we only have so many gills.
We are going to start our factory, and we only have so many gills, so we have to close the house, and we don't want to buy machines.
If we don't buy machines, what should we do?" All of them were very happy.
Some of them said, "We have to build a house to make it decent.
Some said, "How can we close it? The children are going to the ground, so we have to name it first.
I'm happy to name them, but the factory is not yet in operation, so I'm just going to propose a name for them. How much will it cost in the future?
How much will it cost in the future? A few old farmers were discussing the matter.
After a discussion, they stood up and said: "We old men have an opinion, I don't know if the young people agree.
I don't know if the young people agree." "Go ahead, old man.
The annual production is good, so you can play fast, I think it's the right time.

Issue 8

The club road out to set up a factory, realize the production plan to
After that, the yellow and blue a big club, and watch the movie to allow the
Theater. As if brewed in advance, the social tribute times a
listen, unanimous support, unanimous agreement on this intention. The Laughing Harmony
The club accepted this opinion. In order to take care of the family members' rest
and for the entertainment of the festivals, the club was moved into a small rocky area.
moved into a small cancerous rock, the original club became the
The original club became the factory's wide room. The fraudulent idea of simplicity and simplicity
Yu, looking for - a broken sweet house, surrounded by mud, can
Block the wind and rain, staring at the Lou fertilizer manufacturing plant is also considered to be
built.

Most of the equipment and tools were also put together and
solved. The joint processing plant did not have Feng Shi Ma, into the members of the sub-hung
They moved the right hemp from Laocha, a few miles away, for a price.

Into the social Xuan, Chen Zituan also put the heart of the stone mill to the past life.
We also made a lot of calculations for the factory's needs.
Buy gadgets, such as Jiang Ming, by and the community to make a price. There is a wind
If you can borrow, you can borrow, and if you can substitute, you can substitute. Fertilizer
If the factory needs to build an ash plastered table with too many flower carvings, we will use a man's mat to replace it.
If there are abalone plates for welding tools, we will replace them with hudeng. In addition.
We also adopt the principle of making fertilizer for our own use and making it now.
into a choice of fertilizer plate, funnel, tools and other objects. It's just
The only thing that we can't solve by ourselves is the equipment, such as iron belt, canvas, etc., then we pay for it,
canvas, etc., before spending money to buy some. Power half-spoke.
The five diesel engines that were seldom used in the past were used to solve the problem.
The problem was solved. In order to save firewood and reduce costs, we have also organized a biogas plant.
We have set up a biogas power station, which uses biogas for
The power of biogas is used to generate electricity. In this way, the problem was solved.

Where to find the technical force

The technical force from the book to come? At first, some people advocated
13.

| | | | | |
They demanded that the county's Anye Machinery Factory send a skilled worker, and some advocated bringing back the workers from outside.
Some people advocated to draw back the workers who were working outside the culverts. The people are
We all think that this is not a solution, because agriculture in the
. Leap Forward, industry is also leaping forward, people sent not to seek, also can not draw back.
They couldn't get them back. At this time, all factories in towns and cities got the slogan of supporting the countryside.
The slogan of vigorously supporting the rural areas was published in the local newspaper.
The local handicrafts ministries were also specializing in "technical support for the countryside".
technology to the countryside". When Xuguang Yizhu heard this news, he was out of his mind.
-At that time, nine members of the community were sent to enroll in the Pankou Iron Industry.
They learned the techniques of repairing rubber tires, getting a light, and fixing the sprayer, etc. One member was sent to learn the techniques.
technology, sent one member to Hankou to learn about biogas power generation.
Five members were sent to E-cheng to learn how to make fertilizer.
We also invited the mechanics, carpenters, carpenters and carpenters from the County Agricultural Machinery Factory, Fankou Zhanye Society and the General Manufacturing Factory.
The county agricultural machinery factory, Fankou Zhanye society, and the manufacturing factory's mechanics, carpenters, and silversmiths were invited to the society to teach them the techniques.
They also moved the handicrafts industry of Kouqian. They also moved the handicrafts of Zhuhai to establish the economy.
They also established a regular relationship with the handicrafts industry. They also established a regular relationship with the handicrafts industry of the community, and when the community wanted to try out any new tools, the handicrafts industry and the community would send people to make concrete proposals.
industry and the society sent people to give specific guidance. The handicraft workers on the lock
The handicraft workers in the locks also often took the initiative to go down to the countryside for more guidance.
"Workers going to the countryside is like charcoal; sending people to learn is the icing on the cake.
is the icing on the cake." The cadres and the masses became more and more motivated to run the factories.
The cadres and the masses were more and more motivated to run the factories.

Yu Li also did not and put the blame on the original technical force already
County, put the four not too much westbound water attack also rough food up and
With raw hands pulling aluminum, people etching wood. Two members, who were clothed enough to use a power machine, sent a fake
Two of the members who were able to use the machine were sent on vacation to learn how to drive the machine.

In the learning-by-doing process, we learned from each other.
The method of learning from each other's strengths and complementing each other's weaknesses was adopted, and a team of workers emerged,

2e

The workers, the students and the students joined together to carry out the tool reform.
The tide of the workers, students, and workers of the city of Wuhan. Farmer Xiao Gongzi together with the workers on the money, Wuhan city under the
enlarged plus production of students Da Chongfen together on the production of successful
Understand the belt to pass the saddle apparatus, the zuoyuan sailboat, the zuoyuan dynamic hemp and so on various kinds of work

"Tools.

After knowing the general technical know-how, Mr. Xu also
demanded more and deeper knowledge. Thus, specialization courses in
political, chemical and technical night courses were also started.
They were taught by skilled people. In addition, there were also classes for peasant inventors and
The farmers' inventors and Xiao Kung-sim learned many kinds of technology as a model, and started a *All-rounder* program.
They have started a "Master of All Trades" campaign. The movement was launched. The ditch was filled with tributes.
Poetry, developed a "universal man" standard. standard, male members of the community machine
They learned a full range of agricultural production techniques, plumbing, ironwork, stonework, mudwork, power-driving, repair, design, and hornwork.
water works, iron works, stone works, mud works, power machine driving, repair, design, angle
Female members were required to learn a full set of techniques for agricultural production, plumbing, ironwork, stonemasonry, masonry, power-driven machinery, repair, design, corner-raising and garbage collection.
Female members should learn the set of agricultural production techniques, thriftiness, power machine driving, and cattle use,
repairing, filling, feeding, needle-healing, accounting, and acting.
Ten items. Those who have learned five items will be awarded the honorable title of "universal man".
honorary title, and the well issues a powdered certificate. The culmination of a
A mass technological revolution was underway in the Toiwa community, and many people learned simple techniques.
Many people learned simple techniques and became "farmers in the fields and workers in the factories".
farmers in the fields and workers in the factories. There were only ten or three "jacks of all trades" in the first batch of Zhizhu.
three "jack-of-all-trades", but the second batch reached ten.
The second batch of training reached ten people.

This is how the Xuguang First Society initially overcame the lack of technical
strength.

The 14958th Army

| | | | | | | |
How does the Asahi Ichikawa Society lead and

management of small

\factory

CPC Pin Cheng Furniture Committee

Candlelight First Agricultural Production Cooperative Du recently ran the
agricultural tools manufacturing and repair plant, agricultural products joint processing plant, apparent
Granular Layer Material Manufacturing III, and a biogas power plant, among others. These factories
have been set up, but how are they being run? This is a
news topic. In the actual work of Xuguang Yisha, we have been constantly searching and improving.
constantly searching, constantly improving, and initially achieved and the platform.

They are both cadres and workers, and they know both management and technology.

In order to guide the production, the management committee of the Wojo-Ishikawa Prefectural Government made the following decisions.
In order to guide the production, the committee divided the work of the whole village into four categories: agriculture, agriculture, industry and finance,
Agriculture, Side Industry, Industry, and Finance, with a deputy director for each of these fronts.
Each of these fronts was headed by a deputy director.

When they started to run factories, some of the cadres started to follow the example of the big factories.
Some people said, "A factory is a factory with a set of rules and organizations. Some people said, "A factory is all about the factory manager.
The factory director, the factory also has to have an accountant, the Fanxiao ......".

The accountant is equipped, but things are not done.
Three gills head, on the up; just to go, double have
and came to find, so, had to sit there laughing things on the door.
Not even three days, hi aroused the resentment of the members of the community. Women's
Team Guan Yuming beauty unsatisfactory belonging to: "We with the members of the community a
Days and nights, but also to work, the ancient people sitting there to eat the
We have to work all day and all night, and we sit there and eat our food, and look at the burden of the future...? At the meeting of the industrial war factory
-At the meeting of the Industrial Warfare Factory, everyone studied the words of the beautician, and they thought that she was right.
That's right. "The head of the production team produces together with the employees and also participates in the work of the factory.

Issue 3

Why can't the factory department do the same?
Why can't the factory department do the same? And Xiao Mangzi, the director of the agricultural tools factory, did so.
We decided to learn from Xiao Gongmu. We decided to learn from Xiao Gongmu, to be cadres, to lead the factory well, and to participate in production.
factory, and also to participate in production and manage the factory through production.
Manage the factory well through production. Fertilizer factory director Lu Dongshan learned to make fertilizer, and learned to keep accounts.
fertilizer, and also learned to keep accounts. Hu Tiebo, director of the Joint Processing Plant, learned to make iron and saw wood.
learned to make iron and saw wood, and also learned to do Portuguese filling with Suo. Accounting.
The director of the biogas power station and the director of the agricultural machinery station were also

. The technology is more familiar and cup of technicians. In this way, the cadres,

workers and peasants are eliminated. In this way, the boundary between cadres, workers and peasants was eliminated.
In addition to the lack of subsidies, there were also freezes in the production process, which deeply affected the quality of life of the peasants.
The masses of the community were educated in this way. The masses wanted their own factories and
They also love their cadres.

Workers and peasants, work points are wages.

How do you determine a worker's wage? If it's high, members will have a problem with it.
If it is too high, the employees will have a problem with it, but if it is too low, they will not be allowed to enter the factory. Since the
Since the launching of the "All Man" campaign, a new situation has arisen in the community.
The new situation is that "to work is to be a farmer" and "to work in the fields is to be a farmer".
They are farmers in the fields, but not in the factories.
In the factories, the workers are just peasants, and the peasants are just peasants. There was no distinction between workers and peasants.
As a result, everyone thought that "factory production was also agricultural production, and workers' labor was agricultural labor.
Workers' wages are agricultural wages". In this way, in addition to helping
In this way, except for the tractor drivers who worked for and against the factory, the rest of the workers were workers.

The workers' wages were also agricultural wages. 15.

| | | | | | | | | |
People participate in the same way as agricultural labor in the distribution of labor points.
The distribution of labor was the same as that of agricultural labor. The method of keeping labor points varies according to the situation of the county.
The method of keeping labor credits varies according to the county. The pumping machine type of work is determined by the state, and a year-round contracted labor method is adopted.
The contracted work and the work score of the community: seven nickel-water pumpers and one water pumping machine.
The workers in the common work and then according to the pumping time fixed points.
The same production as in the case of the granular material manufacturing plant all year round, the work did not change much, but the implementation of the piecework system was not carried out.
There is not much change in the work of the plant, but it is practicing the work by piecework. Making
When a kilogram of fertilizer is made, the factory pays ten percent of the total amount of fertilizer.
The factory takes ten days to produce the fertilizer, and then it accumulates the fertilizer, pulls the trucks, and stacks the fertilizer. The factory also has a separate quota for different jobs such as fertilizer accumulation, pulling trucks, stacking,
Manufacturing and other tasks are rationed separately. Agricultural tools
Workers in agricultural equipment factories and processing factories are relatively well organized, but lack of experience and knowledge.
In addition, the amount of leaves is divided according to the level of skill, and the high level of skill is divided according to the level of skill.
and the highest quintal of agricultural work as the standard, each labor
The standard was eleven cents for each day of labor, and the rest of the work was done in a similar manner. Later, some of the bamboo workers rebelled against it.
Some of the bamboo workers opposed the idea that some of them did not work in the morning, but still required twelve cents for the rest of the day, which was not reasonable.
It was not reasonable. So, they changed the system to keep the labor according to the hour of the hulou. That is
Technically, it was calculated according to the time of work, and the time of work was calculated according to the time of work. For example
The three-pole fixed box is ten points, the time is one point in the middle, four minutes at noon, four minutes in the afternoon.
If you don't turn it over in the morning, you will lose one point in training.
The time is one point in the morning. Some martial arts products can't be paid on a piecework basis, so they can only be credited on time, and then later on.
We can only record the work on time, and then gradually filter it to the control meter.
A few. The total sent; factory labor points can not be over hernia in agriculture, and
The guards can not hunt in agriculture. The starting light---Fu in the concrete implementation of the
mastered three criteria: highly skilled people; although physically weak, the
Business maintains a middle to upper class labor collection, physical
The physically strong, though not highly skilled, should also maintain a medium labor force income.
Strong bodies, though not highly skilled, should also have a medium labor force; and those who are physically strong and highly skilled should have a medium labor force.
The strong, though not highly skilled, should also have a medium-sized labor force; and those who are physically strong and highly skilled should have a medium-sized labor force, or a slightly higher one.
Or a little higher. This simple one, engaged in industrial production and agricultural production
The people engaged in industrial production and agricultural production had no opinion, and they all said, "No matter what Xingjiao
We all said, "No matter what we do, we will produce in the community, and if we want to go there, we will go there.
646.

Factories in the countryside, spies in the countryside

Soon after the factories were opened, a few people started to adopt some of the systems of the big factories.
factory's system. The next member of the fertilizer factory worked only one hour a day.
They only worked for about an hour a day, and in the afternoons, when they were very busy, they played soccer in the factory, which caused six big problems.
They played soccer in the factory, which aroused the discontent of the six big dings.
This caused dissatisfaction among the six big dings. Mr. Xu commented, "Everywhere is in the Great Leap Forward, but you are in the Great Retreat.
but you are in the Great Leap Forward.

The factory is a key to the family business, and it is different from the big factory.
It's different from a big factory, but it can't be the same as agriculture.
What should we do? The committee of the ditch management study, Zhao
For the establishment of a system is necessary, but it should be suitable for the
The situation of Jia Village, to serve the agricultural production. The committee worked out a plan to establish several systems.
The committee set up several systems, and the work was completed in the same way as agricultural production.
As with agricultural production, there should be no discrepancies, if the

"Crisp on overtime, hi to take the approach of progressive se points to fund

Rewards. Supplies needed for work (e.g., hand-rails) are provided by the
The community provides the supplies! But for agricultural production, the southern sky used the
Doo-dai and Fan-hu, all of which are self-provided by the peasants, so the factory
work clothes were also self-provided. In addition, each bing
also established the product thrifty customized false, as well as the material too library,
material storage, product sukangtaiqi, and material dumping systems. Factory Hexagon
KU processed rice and noodles and repaired agricultural tools.
Charges, the factory authorized triplicate bill and fertilizer account, the future by the
In the boat a deduction account. Fertilizer factory registered fertilizer, regular reports to the
Management Committee report, by the Management Committee allocated to the hidden, strong vote secluded
Fertilizer. Other work and life system, is someone cul
What to solve, when to have a problem, when to

When to solve the problem, without first making a whole set of provisions. In short, the rural
factory management system, play simple and easy to implement, must not -
It must not be made too complicated.

1958

| The factory production plan is subordinate to the agricultural production plan.
The factory production program was subordinated to agricultural production

Even a small factory must have a special program.
The goal is to achieve the goal. The factory production plan is based on the development needs of the agricultural production.
The development of agricultural production needs to make and prove a long-term production plan.
With a long-term plan, it must also be implemented in stages. The implementation of the program is divided into sections.
In the implementation of the program, also with the action of agricultural production, each work six to propose the appropriate base tasks.
The tasks of each work group should be made according to the base. For example, in the current summer harvest
For example, in the current summer harvest, "Lostma fast", all let to finish within ten days of the raid, the
It is said: "We are going to make a field, and we are going to use knives and guns, men, women and children to work.
Men, women, and children are all on the block, and a good summer harvest is in store for them.
The slogan of this campaign was: "The farm equipment is the best way to make a good harvest in summer". In response to this request, the Agricultural Tools Factory repaired and manufactured 140 tools in the first three days.
Three days ago, the Agricultural Tools Factory repaired and manufactured more than one hundred and forty knives, and one hundred and twenty pieces of armor.
More than one hundred and twenty Mao armor jelly, repaired three king of eight spraying needles
The factory also repaired three, eight, and ten of the Chinese weapons, and installed seven safety automatons.

The factory went to each team to repair agricultural tools. The processing factory proposed to work day and night

The processing plant offered to work day and night under its processing and milling. The fertilizer factory promised to be there during the camp fertilizer period."

The fertilizer factory guarantees to "fertilize the fertilizer period", which is five pounds per acre. The threshing team at the agricultural machinery station
Also and Chang out of ten days to count the task of the small only stock grain. In this way.
In this way, the rural factory cable is playing a role in promoting agricultural production.
The rural factories are promoting agricultural production. And the members of the community posted Tianzhi newspapers everywhere, sang
the small factories run by the members themselves.

"To support the war, we need to cut the sickles, and to produce at night.
"We'll go to the front of the production line.

"Processing plant, busy day and night, maneuvering, Xiangling ah.
The mill's grinding is like sugar, and the labor force is more than 10,000, so the king can eat well.
The labor force is more than 10,000, and the workers are working hard and eating well.

"Fertilizer three, day and night, before the flower to move the fertilizer to choose Yu Wan.
The small factory is not easy to make sure that the cotton is produced.

A column of five do year May 20 Zechang
Sui Lu planning. At the same time, but also specialize in the repair team.
Rootoeaeiounaeuoraouiansgeaauaaanmoaumanaaananamaa
       In the Lingling Reservoir, the
Part 1
      One and two.
     Changing the Natural Face of the Fox Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Leader Finding Earth.
The lake and mountains of the lake are in full bloom.        The people are happy to be with us.
3 High-temperature, high-fill, long-distance running, three hills, five miles, all in one place.
| No one is allowed to run around.        The most important thing to remember is that it's not about the pain, but it's about the pain.     |I'm not sure if you're a fan of this.
Deng
     The Warrior's Hall of Fame, not to be confused with the Court of Wine.
     The honor roll of the name is on the honor roll.        The name of the honor roll is on the honor roll.
Heroes and tokens to see the imitation of the dynasty, the light check five words and see a thousand Ji
The 100,000-strong military region laughs. It is a good idea to have a good time.      The "Thirteen Lingling Water Hemp".
And enmrrnnermonaprueanuuanioapuounmunmnuunanupuuoamouuuanuamaama

Issue 8

es. 17.

| | | | | | | |
Breaking the Mystery of Industry
   The first-rate

China's industrial development by leaps and bounds has taken many people by surprise. The first five months of this year
Europe's total industrial output, compared with the same period last year, an increase of thirty percent, of which the realm of April
In April, it grew by 41 percent, and in May, it grew by 4.6 percent, and it is estimated that the growth rate will be even higher in the future.
The rate of growth is expected to be even higher in the future. This year, China's iron and steel production is expected to exceed 10 million tons, and next year it is estimated to exceed 20 million tons.
Next year, it is estimated that it may exceed 20 million tons. Thus, it seems that our production of steel and other major industrial products is catching up with that of other countries.
The production of steel and other major industrial products in our country has no face to catch up with that of Britain, and it is still much shorter than what we had thought before.
This information is really amazing. This information, indeed, is amazing, not only those who live far away from the stolen
not only those who live far away, but also those who live in our great country, but also those who live in our great country.
The message is not only lost on those who live far away, but also on the part of those who live in our great country.           (SIGHS)

There is no doubt that the Party's wholehearted leadership, especially the Party's courageous efforts, has been responsible for this leap in our industry.
There is no doubt that the Party's wholehearted guidance, especially the Party's guidance of drumming up energy, striving to go upstream, and building a reformist society more quickly and economically, is the key to the development of China's industry.
The Party's overall guidance, in particular, the Party's enthusiasm for building socialism, was the decisive factor,
creativity, which is the decisive factor; at the same time the great revolution in the method of industrial construction also
This is a decisive factor. This was a decisive factor; at the same time, the revolution in the methods of industrial construction was also of great significance.

The revolution in the method of industrial construction is to completely break down the secretive viewpoints on the running of industry and to implement the "socialist" concept of "socialism".
The great revolution in the method of industrial construction is to completely dispel the kind of secretive views on the running of industry, and to realize the running of industry by the whole party, by each country, and by the rest of the people.

The mystical view of running industry can be absolutely inserted as *big>, "high>, <"country? These
three words like this.

"Big", that is, the mention of running industry, the heart of the month, only large industries, and rarely have
medium-sized industries, not to mention small industries. To build iron and steel plants, it is Anshan Iron and Steel Company, Wuhan Iron and Steel Company, and Baotou Iron and Steel Company.
Company, Wuhan Iron and Steel Company, Baotou Iron and Steel Company; to build a chemical plant, it is Jilin
Fertilizer plant, too anorexia fertilizer plant; beans to build oil plant, is Lanzhou torch oil plant, and ear
Can only be natural oil; to build fierce tractor factory, is the Luoyang Tractor Wish Factory and so on.
Of course, the big industry was and will remain the medium of our accessionist industrialization.
In, we must develop all kinds of big industries that our country needs. However, if we only

958

| However, if we only

Industry, and can not be oil moving storage party, surplus people, urban and rural areas together to run the industry; can only be the industrial point of view of the sparse political allocation, the limited endurance, material resources "frozen fine?
Limited stamina, material resources "frozen essence? In a few projects, and can not make the industrial coastal blossom, learning to put color. The fruit of the stove.
It is also inevitable to limit the high speed development of industry.

The implementation of large-scale enterprises and small and medium-sized enterprises at the same time to promote the policy, the head of the field appeared another kind of moving party image. According to the Henan, Hebei, Liaozhu
South, Hebei, Liaozhu and other ten provinces, cities and districts, in the first five months of this year, the construction of industrial production units was completed and put into large-scale production.
In the first five months of this year, there were 510,000 industrial production units put into production, and more than 32 industrial production units were put into production every day in Janggou.
production. Among these 510,000 industrial production units, there are 20,000 magpies above the county level, and the rest are organized by townships, plating and
The others were set up by village, plating and handicraft cooperatives. As these new industrial production units were put into production in a casual manner, the production capacity of the Haumea industrial sector doubled.
The production capacity of the industrial sector has grown exponentially.

"Some people think that this kind of industrial production unit is so small that it cannot play any significant role in the cause of our country's fanatic industrialization.
This kind of viewpoint is not generous. They don't understand that small can become big, and they don't understand the relationship between quality and quantity. For example.
In the metallurgical industry, this year the Principality will build more than thirteen thousand small and medium-sized iron scintillators, which will have a total production capacity of more than two thousand tons per year.
The total annual production capacity is more than 20 million tons, which is equal to four to five times of the current production capacity of the donkey ironworks.
This year the Duchy will build more than one hundred small and medium-sized ironworks, with a total annual capacity of more than ten million tons, equal to two to three times the present capacity of the steel mills in the mountains.
The total annual production capacity is more than ten million tons, which is equal to two to three times of the current production capacity of the steel mills in the mountainous areas. Because of the highwa and turn baking through the blossoming of the ground, iron and pot water everywhere to see the flow, China's net
Zhan industry's backwardness and appearance, very choice to be changed. In this way, as en rong yin remember now, "a single large amount of change, up to a fixed
If we only build a large-scale iron ore joint venture like the child crane, we will not be able to realize our goal in such a short time.
If we had only built large iron ore complexes like the one in Hsidong, we would not have been able to achieve such great results in such a short period of time and at such a low cost. This is true not only for the gold industry.
This is true not only for the gold industry, but also for the coal industry, the wine industry, the chemical fertilizer industry, and other industries. We can see that as long as we can drink
break through the concept of "big industry" and implement large-scale enterprises. and implement large-scale enterprises and small and medium-sized enterprises at the same time, our country's industry can be

leap forward.

"High" means that when it comes to running an industry, we should run a high standard one. The first thing we need to do is to set up a high standard of industry, that is to say, it is necessary to set up modernized, mechanized and self-modernized enterprises, and to import the whole set from foreign countries.
The enterprise, from the eating plan Han Rongbei Jing to be a full set of foreign imports, rather than from the specific situation of our country, realistic
Instead of starting from the specific situation of our country, we should realistically make the high standard and low standard at the same time, "Shi method" and *foreign method? At the same time.

There is no doubt that, in order to realize the modernization of our country's industrial ice as soon as possible, we need to focus on the rapid adoption of new technologies in some industrial sectors.
In order to modernize our industry as soon as possible, we need to focus on the rapid adoption of new technology and equipment, and we also need those foreign methods that are necessary for us But everything has to be "up-to-date and up-to-date".
But everything has to be "up-to-date" and everything has to be "foreign". But everything has to be "up-to-date" and everything is "foreign", which is wrong. Especially the local, mass-run ones,
Small ones. "Two? The industrial enterprises which are run by the local people and run by the masses are regarded as not conforming to the "science" and are discriminated against, which is even more wrong. It is even more wrong to discriminate against all of them.
That is even more wrong.

All Mark, "Capitalism", p. 364, p. 1.

p. 364. p. 8. p. 19.

| The
These people don't understand that low can become paralyzed, "two? They do not understand that low can become paralyzed, that "two" can become "foreign". The "low standard" and the "straight approach" are the same as the "low standard" and the "straight approach" in China. China.
China, which often contains many of the best claims of our Canadian people in terms of technology, and many inventions. That is why this "standard" and
"the straight way" are the easiest to popularize and to improve. Today, it is the "low standard" and the "*-F method". and the *-F method"? and the *-F Approach", which will become as popular as the *-F Approach.
After it is raised, it will become as smart as "high standards" and "foreign methods". The workers and technicians around us do not have a lot of new equipment.
Under the condition that there are not many new equipments, they use their own laborious hands and sensitive mind, and in the first five months of this year, they have succeeded in testing thousands of new products, and adopted a variety of new methods and techniques.
Thousands of new products and hundreds of new techniques have been adopted, isn't this the most vivid comment?

The relationship between high standards and low standards, "- approach? The relationship between high standards and low standards, the "-approach" and the "-approach". The relationship between high standards and low standards, between "the way" and "the way", and the relationship between "the way" and "the way".
The relationship between high standards and low standards. Comrade Mao Tse-tung has taught us that "Our improvement is based on the foundation of the "Chang Gang"; our popularization is based on the guidance of the "La Shang".
Our popularization is the popularization under the guidance of the Laoshang. It is precisely for this reason that our popularization work is not only not a hindrance to business, but also an answer to the question of how to improve the quality of life.
The present limited scope of the work of promotion is a form of banana, and it is also a necessary condition for the preparation of a much wider scope of the work of promotion in the future.
conditions." @ These words of Mao Zedong's are applicable to cultural work, but they are not applicable to technical work.
apply.

Countless old ha straighten out. Science and technology are not so mysterious, but they are not so mysterious, and they are not so mysterious, and they are not so mysterious, and they are not so mysterious. The problem with cancer is that some people's
The problem is that some people's minds have such and such myths. Only if you break the Wangxin, a move of the industrial construction number of the dam meter, equipment, all can be
According to the specific situation of our country, we can make creative improvements to make the standard and the low sacrifice to be compatible with each other.
The "King's Office" and the "Detailed Approach" can be harmonized. In this way, the construction of the same factories and mines can be more efficient than that of the first Five-Year Plan, while the construction of the same factories and mines can be more efficient than that of the first Five-Year Plan.
In this way, the construction of the same factory or mine could be completed in one year less than in the first five-year plan, and the speed of construction could be accelerated by a thousand percent.

"State", that is, the mention of running industry, Min is centralized by the state to run, by the central government out of the stiff, the material to do not syndrome.
Strong support and provinces, cities and autonomous regions to do, support counties, townships and the masses to do with one mind. And the state to do, but also mainly
The centralized Ministry of Industry is the one that covers the whole thing, and it is the one that is responsible for the enterprises. According to this method to record industry, the only way is for each

The progress is very slow. Instead, the central industry and local industry were simultaneously organized, and the party-run industry, the various sulfur, and the local industry were all organized at the same time.

By adopting the policy of the Party organizing industry, the Party organizing industry, and the people organizing industry, the industry of our country appeared to be in such a situation as that of the ten thousand rolls running crispy now. As mentioned before
Ling, this year only in a short period of months, Dengtu all over the base did not use the state how much will, how much material, mainly dumping
Also local self-financing, the masses of cooperation set spring method, on the construction of the success of five - two corridor of industrial production first, each thousand, city, month
In each city and district, there are tens of thousands of enterprises, and most of the townships and villages have their own industries. In four
Soon before us there appeared such a scene as "Machines are ringing everywhere, labor horses are parked in towns and villages". We were soon faced with a situation in which "machines were going off everywhere, and workers were moving to the towns and villages". It was a great success.
. It is clear that, while developing centralized industry, we should help the government, the city, and the people of Yanfu to develop their own strengths, and the people of Yanfu to develop their own strengths, and the people of Yanfu to develop their own strengths, and the people of Yanfu to develop their own strengths.
By utilizing our own strength and the power of the masses to run our industries, we can make our industries develop at the fastest pace.

At the same time, the industry organized by the central government should also pay attention to give full play to the positive aspects of enterprises. This is important for the development of industry in a faster, better and more economical way.
"This is of great significance to the development of industry in a quicker, better and more economical way. For example, the expansion project of the Shijingshi net excellent factory, in the past, by the central government to dissolve the Ministry of gold a package.
The project was contracted by the central government's ministry of finance." "The suffering of the young people in the disaster relief and literary symposium", "Mao Zedong's Thoughts and Strategies - 3rd Fung, East 88th Huang.

-20. 1958.

| The Government of the People's Republic of China
At the end of 1958, the company invested 200 million yuan in the area, and its production capacity could only reach 1.4 million tons of iron and 500,000 tons of net per year.
Now, the production capacity can be increased by more than 1 million tons per year if the plant is constructed by the factory and the original investment is used.
The production capacity can be increased by more than one million tons. This is simply unthinkable from the old point of view.

How did the secretive view of running an industry come about?8 This is because there are some people who still have traces of the old days in their minds.
This is because some people still have traces of the old days in their minds, and they are so self-centered that they think that our country is backward, and that this is not good enough, nor is the cable good enough; and they have no idea of how to run an industry.
They are not aware of the mass point of view and the mass line. They don't think that the strength of 1,000,000 industrial workers, together with the strength of more than 100 million peasants, can be spilled over into the membership.
With the strength of 10 million industrial workers, together with the strength of more than 100 million peasants, they will be able to create a new record in the construction of unionism.

As we all know, the wealth of society is created by the four working people. No other country in the world has such a rich labor force as ours.
There is no other country in the world that has such an abundant labor force as ours. In addition to the working class of the People's Congress, the main force for the development of our industry is the great allies of the working class.
In addition to the working class of the People's Congress, there are also one hundred million peasants, who are the great allies of the working class. Our peasants are not ordinary peasants, but under the guidance of the working class.
The peasants of China are not ordinary peasants, but the peasants who, under the guidance of the working class, have carried out the democratic revolution and the two-day revolution, and are the revolutionaries who have organized themselves and embarked on the road to socialism.
It is a revolutionary people who have been organized and have embarked on the road to socialism. aamejnaspmreenaeee Our industry provides the largest domestic market in the world.
Our industry provides the largest domestic market in the world, which is known to all. However, it is well known that our peasants can also provide industry with a large amount of heavy industrial materials.
provide the bulk of the heavy industry's raw materials. The reason why our basic raw material industry has been able to develop at a high rate recently, for example, the increase of pot coke by nearly 10 million tons.
The increase of pot coke is nearly ten million hours, coal hair is tens of millions of dollars, these raw materials are Yuxi to pick up? The main
ether rely on farmers. This is a new situation and a new peak. From this we can see that if we can make our country's
If we can make our country's industry develop by leaps and bounds, in addition to relying on the strength of the working class, we must also rely on the strength of more than 500 million peasants. This is the greatest strength of the peasants in our country.
The greatest force of the peasants in China is the peasants who do not know much about the Chinese revolution or the building of China.
The only way to avoid making mistakes is to make mistakes in politics. The reason why the mystical view of running an industry is wrong and must be broken is not only that the peasants have not been able to understand China's revolution, but also that they have made mistakes in the political arena.
The reason why the mystical view of running industry is wrong and must be broken is not only because they make light of the strength of the masses of workers in China, but also because they look down on the peasants who have thrown up and risen up.
The peasants, do not rely on the joint efforts of workers and farmers to develop industry.

The Party's general line of initiation and construction of science and technology points out that under the conditions of giving priority to the development of heavy industry, industry and agriculture are to be developed at the same time, in a pseudo-planned and centralized manner.
Under the conditions of pseudo-planning, centralized guidance and division of labor, the central industry and the Kunfang industry should be developed simultaneously, and large-scale operations and small- and medium-sized enterprises should be developed in parallel.
In addition to mobilizing the strength of the working class, what is more energetic is to bring together the great strength of more than 500 million peasants.
The more important thing is to mobilize the great power of more than 500 million farmers into the country. If the industry and agriculture are mobilized, the power of more than 500 million farmers can be mobilized.
The central and local governments can mobilize the power of dozens of provinces and cities in China; the universities, colleges, universities and small towns can mobilize the power of the people of China; and the "two foreign countries" can mobilize the power of the people of China. It is possible to
The power of the people with high feminization skills and low intersection skills can be mobilized. So, this is a big movement of liberation, a movement of silk.
It is a movement of liberation, a movement to mobilize all the weaving and weaving elements to run the industry, and it is a method of building the industry. It is a great grassroots movement in the industrial construction method.
It's a big movement to build up industry.

The Party's total approach to industrialization broke the pastoral view that industry could only be run by a handful of people and shone a light on our country's industrialization.
The Party's view that industry can only be run by a handful of people has been half broken, and it has illuminated the way to industrial development in China, which has brought our industry to a new stage of rapid development.

The third "21.

| | | | | | |
After years of hard work, the output of China's fox-making industry in 1957 exceeded the highest annual output of the pre-Liberation period by 4.5 percent.
In 1957, the output of China's fox-making industry exceeded 4.5 times the highest annual output before liberation. The development of the foil-making industry is still very good, but it is still not enough to satisfy the needs of the Japanese sentinel.
However, it is still unable to satisfy the needs of the growing society.

During the first five-year plan, we paid attention only to wood pulp, but not to the pulp.
During the first five-year plan, we paid attention only to wood pulp and did not emphasize on kanji pulp. The newly built and expanded large-scale foil factories basically used kanji pulp as raw material. During this
During this period, there were basically no new and expanded fox mills at the local level, and some of the small mills that used chapter paddles as raw materials were also stopped.
Some of the small factories that use the seal paddle as raw material have also stopped production. When we stipulate the quality standard of ice, we also
Require the use of a considerable proportion of wood paddle as raw material. As a result of these practices, the
We could not satisfy the demand of the ice field, and the fox factory could not realize its production capacity because of the lack of wood.
The production capacity of the fox factory could not be utilized because there was not enough kimura. This led to the emergence of the "Jangrim no Yakko" (the "Janglim no Yakko") among the cadres of the fox factory.
The "Shabayashi no Yorin" and the "Big and Small Flaps" arose among the cadres of the company.

Wide cocoon to wooden paddle-based, or to chapter pulp-based? More fire factory, or more

small factory? This about "chapter book" size "and so on, in fact, Wang Wang development of bookmaking industry
of the two construction methods, such as "fast and economical" and "" less slow and poor cost? etc.
Over the years, many comrades have been repeatedly arguing that only wood pulp can be used to make good books.

Only with 100 percent of the pulp half can make offset printing gang, coral bag paper and industrial technology with curd, base to clothes for the general
With thin not must be matched with a certain amount of wood pulp. Their reasoning is that the world's production of Ying slanders more countries, fox-making raw materials of 100 percent of the
One hundred thousand ten percent of the raw materials for fox-making are more than wood. These comrades do not summarize the history of our country mainly rely on grass to make the fox test, but also look at the

They do not see the post-liberation inventions of the masses. They are guided by a number of dogmatic ideas that superstitiously believe in wood pulp and double-mindedly regard chapter pulp, not three,

I want to make full use of our country's rich variety of fox-making sources, but only ask the state to supply more wood. Because of the influence of this kind of thinking
As a result of the influence of this idea, fifteen thousand years ago, the Ministry of Light Industry put forward the "four-fourths of the fox pulp should be made of wood", well and village
The timber used for wolf-making accounted for 11.1 percent of the timber harvested in the country.

The volume of our waterwood is not large. According to the present abundant data, the forest volume of the country is more than seven million hectares, accounting for about one-third of the country's land area.
hectares, accounting for 10 percent of the country's land area (most of the countries in the world account for more than 2 percent), the volume of rose volume is
The total volume of the rose volume is 1.3 billion cubic meters, which is only about one tenth of the volume of the Soviet Union's rose volume. Although the volume of timber harvesting in China has been increasing year by year, the reforestation program is also increasing.
Although the volume of timber harvested in China has been increasing year by year, and the reforestation program is also developing, the demand for timber in all aspects of the country's economy has been growing faster, and the volume of timber needed for construction has been increasing year by year.
The amount of timber needed for consumption has been insufficient year after year. Since there is a shortage of timber supply, and we are seeking to use more timber for fox-making, this will inevitably lead to the relocation of the foil industry.
This inevitably constrained the development of the foil industry. Therefore, when the Ministry of Industry started to draw up the production target of the first five-year plan, it was planned that the production target of the first five-year plan would be increased in the year of 1977.
When the Ministry of Industry began to draw up the production target of the first five-year plan, it was planned that the annual output in 1962 would be only 1.5 million to 1.6 million tons, with an average annual growth rate of only 11 percent.
The average annual growth rate was only 11 percent. Because of the insufficient supply of timber, it was felt that there was still difficulty in accomplishing this task, and of course, a faster rate was not envisaged.
It was certainly not possible to envision a faster rate.

"The year II958

| | |
. Our country can be used to make consumption of wood is not much, but the chapter class pure banana is extremely long rich. I Si five years, according to the dumping of a
According to the main producing areas, bamboo, jade, sugar cane, rice straw, seeds, soybean stalks, commercial
Liang culm, etc., the annual output of a total of 130 million tons. In addition, there are the draft culms of Daki, - Guanshu Zhang, Mazu Zhang, Hu Compensation Section and other
Chapter class oven and rags, waste acacia, waste fox, etc., can be used as raw materials for consumption. Cotton stalks alone, - ninety-five years into the
National European production of 15 million tons, if the use of 10 percent, Dai can replace the lane logs million cubic meters. With the agricultural
With the great leap forward in agricultural production and the development of the area, all kinds of grasses will become a letter in the Ha long. Therefore, as long as the fight for wood pulp
Therefore, as long as the superstition of wood pulp is defeated and grasses are fully utilized as raw materials, the development speed of China's fox-making industry can be greatly accelerated.

China's use of grass and longitudinal manufacturing power, has a long history, the use of chapter pulp as a mechanism of power, has also been a few decades of history.
History. At present, there are more than two hundred and twenty wolf factories in China, most of them use grass pulp to make madness, and there are less than ten of them use this pulp. Rose...
In the past few years, through the active creation of the masses of workers, there have been dozens of kinds of raw materials used formally in fox-making production.
kinds. Chaobei province hanyang consume factory with 100 percent of the dragon grass production a guide offset printing attack, has loi five years, - general physical properties and appearance are basically in line with the standard banana.
General physical properties and appearance are basically in line with the standard banana, with please very welcome. For this kind of JingZhou, we clean industrial sector of the mail
Zhi in the past decorative not always wisdom nor promotion, base to not recognize it is the first offset printing crazy. The sky steals the fox factory to use 100 percent of the rice
Chapter for new then and fox, Minfeng East factory miserable with rice straw for answering smoke inspection, and are very good fox test, also and are not promoted. With sugarcane.
Make front and with cotton stalks skin to make cement eight wolf, and all have been wolf success, but still some people hard not believe.

We use the raw materials of the chapter to make children, farmers maple use these things as fuel, etching material and fertilizer, there is not a shield?
Is there a contradiction between us? It seems that there is a contradiction, but it can be solved. Because of the chapter used to make wolves, not a large proportion of class Yiwei, and Wei due to the
Fertilizer industry and the rapid development of the coal industry, the proportion of farmers using the chapter class for fuel, fertilizer will also be less and less alkaline. At the same
At the same time, the raw material of the disease to dumpling people to utilize, most of the chapter class Xu owes after the creation of more can also be made work Confucian good material
The lifeblood, on behalf of Gui feed.

Calcium since the raw materials for fox making should be drum to grass type Xu Wei mainly, then we must solve the problem of whether to run a big three mainly or run a small factory mainly.
Ideas ask is. Zhang Yan Jiaoyuan is divided into a track, and it is not easy to centralize it. To utilize the secondary source of grass, it is appropriate to in the raw material production area
The construction of small factories, not declared to build a centralized production of large factories.

In the past, there are a lot of wenzhi, one-sidedly flocculation for the run of the big factory paper Ji reasonable, into the low, high quality, advanced technology. On the other hand
On the contrary, Xian for small factories can not be rough use of raw materials, and can not use new technology, technology, paper washing indicators backward, high cost, quality can not be guaranteed, double bad.
High, quality can not be guaranteed, double bad management. In fact, the fox produced by small factories, the quality is not bad, the cost is not necessarily high.
High, raw materials can be brown combined use, product variety is easy to adjust. Such as Changzhou, Jiangsu Province, Wang Liren Oil Factory, is a hundred or so
The small factory, the factory's workers in the past to learn the bitter cup, actively weaving research, has been successful in each made of straw wine, re-creating the
The factory has been successful in making wine from straw, which has led to a further decrease in consumption. At the same time, the east small factory, can fully change the Anhui local, especially prefectures and counties to run industrial positive strange, can take materials on the spot, han place to build factories, forcing the
It can take materials locally, build factories everywhere in China, and force them to blossom, open the way for agricultural by-products and wild plants to be produced, and help the handicraft industry to develop a large number of technicians and help the handicraft industry.
We can train a large number of technicians and help the manual labor industry to carry out technological reforms, so that the industry, which accounts for one-fourth of our country's consumption output, can be expanded to include the following industries.
The 8th 23.

| The following is a summary of the results of the survey.
The industrialization of the industrial pan-wolf industry has played its due role in the country. The equipment of the small wide is simple, the investment required is less, the time of the baby is short, the
The company's revenue is fast. In the process of rectification, the Ministry of Light Industry, on the one hand, hemorrhoidal, on the other hand, in Beijing, started a daily output of two small factories, the investment responsibility of the Ministry of Light Industry, the Ministry of Light Industry and the Ministry of Agriculture.
A small factory with a daily production capacity of 2,000 tons, investing only 130,000 yuan (in other areas, the investment can be less), was completed and put into production in a month.
production. According to the calculation of the tough step, the annual output of 400,000 tons, the construction of a large factory needs to invest 700 million Guan million yuan, the construction of a small factory of 140 million yuan.
Three only threshold 140 million dollars. Therefore, the point of running a large or small factory, not wanting to run a small factory, is the end of the scale of shit.

Of course, this well is not such as in the future should not be evaluated to organize large-scale power plant. Choking raw material concentration, convenient transportation place, but also the promise of
Chance to organize some large factories, as the tungsten industry chi dry. Large-scale enterprises and small and medium-sized enterprises recall the past, to small and medium-sized enterprises
The policy of mainly running small and medium-sized enterprises and more small factories is a complete and indivisible system. In order to implement this policy, we should
In terms of technology, old factories should help new factories, big factories should help small factories, mechanism factories should help handmade factories, and there should be a foundation for the fengshui industry.

The places that have a base in the manufacturing industry should help those that do not have a base yet.

In the past, in the department of centralized management of the manufacturing industry, there were many cancerous people who regarded the production technology of the manufacturing industry as very mysterious.
In the past, in the department of manufacturing industry managed by the central government, there were many people who regarded the production technology of manufacturing industry as very mysterious, and they thought that the local government could not control it, and the ink industry could not be organized. Not only did they not support local factories, but they also saw that there were more and more local factories in the market.

The "Four Shifts" in Developing Local Industries

In March this year Xuan Chongqing Municipal factories and mines and nine specialized Sichuan Province.
Held a collaborative visit, focusing on how to accelerate the development of local industry
The development of pro-issue will listen to the central enterprises with local enterprises above, and
With large and medium-sized enterprises with small enterprises, with existing enterprises capsule new
enterprises, and the "four belts" measure of taking advanced enterprises to take the backward enterprises.
And the following problems were solved.

I. All large and medium-sized factories in the city of Chontopia have been decided.
The task of the first to help the prefectures and counties to develop the people's industry. That is, the large and medium-sized factories in Chongqing Gong
Lice, medium-sized factories, to be in the Lan, within five years, the project to help the specialization of the Si
District and the county with the tiki, recruiting steel Zhan, non-ferrous father's bureau, electric power, coal, petrochemical, machinery and other industries.
Carbon, petrochemical, machinery and other industries to get up. To this end, the basin
To this end, the basin is limited to a piece of the package in, defend the Xi to the end of the method, answer each large,
Medium-sized factories have been designated to help the object, made a clear division of labor.

And Jie asked him to take responsibility for the industrial development of the prefecture or county, starting with planning.
industrial development, from the planning, to the mixing of a

small industrial point, and to help them to the end.
Secondly, three types of mutual cooperation in building factories were determined.
The first form was that the prefectures invested the responsibility, and the counties were given the responsibility. The first form is a special area to invest in the responsibility, the city to help organize. The wind is
The special zone itself has the conditions to organize the factory and mine, attack the special zone to organize, Chongqing Municipality should actively assist in the construction.
Chongqing Municipality to actively assist in the construction of no. The second form is the city investment,
The second form is that the city invests, and the special bar cuts help to organize. Where the investment crack days, high technology, the special area a moment
Can not afford to organize; and double for the production of construction of every necessary factory and mine, Chongqing Municipality
After obtaining the special zone's inquiry, you can invest in the special zone, and the special zone will actively assist in the construction of the mine.
The special zone villages actively assisted in the extension of no. The second form is that the prefecture and the city jointly
The second form is the joint organization of the prefecture and the city. Ponfei Cha Luanfeng window, the construction of the current mode than the grave large, more technically complex, more investment.
The construction projects that are technically more complex and with more investment, are organized by the two sides.
After consultation between the two sides, Chongqing Municipality and the prefecture can be jointly organized.
Third, determined the city and and area. County of customs in technology, stock preparation and raw materials and other aspects of mutual support
and raw materials and other aspects of mutual support. These zones, and in
The stocks and materials needed in running the industry, in addition to those managed by the provinces of the country, can be used to support each other.

people, and

24.

1958 Hop.

| | | | | |
The big factories or the factories that had been developed by Fengshang six ways wanted to be merged and put under the direct management of the central government. We did not believe that the local government could manage the enterprises well.
Therefore, when the central government proposed to improve the system and help the enterprises, some of us were afraid that the local government could not manage the enterprises, and we were a bit worried about the decentralization.
We were a bit worried about decentralization. Facts have proved that this kind of abuse is all based on the facts. After the Xuanhua Consumption Factory was decentralized to Hebei Province, it was less than a year before the enterprise was scheduled to be attacked.
After the decentralization of Xuanhua factory to Hebei Province, within less than a year of planning, it attacked the local government. The way to help the local ancient set up a handful of small consumption factory. After the decentralization of many enterprises.
After the decentralization of many enterprises, due to the cooperation between the local agricultural and other industries, and the cooperation with the local government, they all did better than in the past. Only
Only by relying on the people can we develop the ice-making industry more quickly by utilizing our human, material and financial resources.
It's been a very difficult thing to do.                       It's a very good thing.

In short, "Zhang Muzhi and other 5 "size of the debate", is a very meaningful Committee Kwai, is - a about making hu industry clothing
The rapid development of the bookmaking business is a Zhu Ling. By the Party's general direction of building socialism, this has now been partially solved, with page prizes as the mainstay, and with the socialist system as the mainstay.
The correct guideline of mainly running small-scale garment industries with the main focus on the award has been finalized. On the basis of the emancipation of ideas
On the basis of the emancipation of ideas, I have taken on a new target of reaching 50,000 tons of production by the second year of the nineteen nineties, which is three times higher than the target set by the Plain Light God.
The target was set by the God of Plain Light at 3,000,000 tons. China's prison industry will develop by leaps and bounds just like any other business, and this is no longer possible.

Hu outside, the rest of the non-standard equipment, generally from the language of Qingzhaan according to the
The production and supply of the area, the county needs the design of the plan and technology
Disease material capacity, generally also a few of Chongqing Municipal letter hall should be, the area, the county needed
The technicians needed by the prefecture and county, mainly by Chongqing Municipality to open a short-term such as centralized
The technical personnel needed by the special zones and counties, mainly by Chongqing Municipality to organize short-term classes, or to intern in the factories of Chongqing Municipality.
The industrial raw materials produced in the special zones and counties, especially the forgotten
The products produced by the factories and mines in the area, such as scorpions for Chongqing Municipality and the factories and mines with it, should be visited and prioritized.


Fourth, the cone eyes industrial magnesium contributed to a pale branch of the machine according to set up Zhu. In
This will be a lie, there are 200,000 centralized and local industrial mines and
Must work three, reported a handful of nine and Karma did not prepare, which has a gold
The county cut side machine tools, power machines and so on. According to the estimation, only the horse trip
According to the estimation, only the big hundred days and eleven first preparations, and the price is up to one hundred and forty-four million dollars.
More than one hundred thousand dollars, more than can build more than seventy complete small present agricultural tools
The sound. This drive saves the state to authorize the capital, and supports the development of the ciliary industry, the prefecture and the county are very satisfied with this.
development, the area, the county is very satisfied with this.

After this meeting, some factories in the days of Chongqing City has helped to

8th Hup

Action super come, they shoot out the day factory director, engineers, etc., mud movement
To their negative true cross zone, the county to make contact. The river machinery
The river machinery factory sent inspection of the deputy factory director, with the responsible Wan member of the area of the first this discussion
industrial development plan, the Ministry of the Ministry of the Ministry of the Ministry of the Ministry of the Ministry of the Ministry of the Ministry of the Ministry of the Ministry of the Ministry of the Interior. Equipment supply and technical force
The factory also answered the questions of engineering and technology of the Wanxian district and several state equipment.
and several state equipment. At the same time, the Jiangxu Duan factory also according to the spirit of the meeting, He Jiangbei Liangliang factory.
The spirit of the meeting, He Jiangbei Liang invested 100,000 yuan, Kwai a few technicians, and the center of the joint expansion.
technology personnel, and the center of the joint expansion of an iron factory. This factory

This year, we can supply one to eight pincers to this river machine swabbing factory, and next year, we can supply one to eight pincers to this river machine swabbing factory.

The pig iron of this factory is proposed to reach 1,000 tons, and it can supply 3,000 pieces of saws to the machine factory in a short year.
supply 3,000 pieces of saws to Yingzheng Machinery Factory. According to the estimation of Wei Jiang Machinery Factory
According to the estimation of Weijiang Machinery Factory, it will cost more than one million dollars to build a new refining room with the same mold.
According to the capital structure, it needs more than one million dollars, and the parts it needs.
It's not possible to get a quick supply.

This shows that the next band is a good measure for the development of the earth's industry. It is a good measure to develop the industry.
This is a good way to build a factory, like the old mother of China.
The factory will be developed in the same way as a group, with a wide range of products.

The company's business is a very successful one.

| The following is a list of the most important things that you can do to make your business more successful.
In knocking on the foot and in the vigor, force and so on upstream, more fast and good saving to build socialism general road pure drum short and store people rectification movement of
Driven by, our country's aquatic industry has ditch is now the production of a great leap forward climax, aquatic research source of the unlimited potential of Ma Jiaojiu day bush
The unlimited potential of aquatic resources has been revealed day by day.

The development of the aquaculture industry is very important for improving people's living standards and increasing their income. Generally speaking, the
In general, except for the fat, the nutritional value of aquatic products is comparable to that of other foods, and the price is much lower. Each
A good aquaculture pond can produce about one thousand kilograms, its value is equal to three acres of rice. The production of aquatic products
The production of aquatic products has the advantages of low investment, fast yield, high yield and does not take up arable land. Mud Fujian province planning, only Jia put can culture sea
The annual output of 1.4 million tons of kelp can be produced by utilizing 300,000 mu of shallow sea water, and its output value is equal to 1.5 billion pounds of rice.
The output value of kelp is equal to one hundred million pounds of rice. According to the calculation of Hubei Province, as long as we utilize the 19 million acres of water surface in the province, each acre of water surface can produce 1.4 million tons of kelp per year.

If the average production of only one hundred pounds of aquatic products, the production of good will have more than 400 million yuan, can be used to buy 100,000 tractors to support agricultural technology.

Reform. An Min from all over the world because he saw the great potential of aquatic resources and its role in agricultural construction and people's livelihood, and he put forward the idea of "turning to the water".
put forward the "to the water for Ran irrigation, transfer water for tractors and chemical fertilizers? The slogan of "Ask for tractor and chemical fertilizer in the water" was put forward.

China's production of aquatic products, but also lower than many countries in the world water in. Ken before people double the world's annual output of various aquatic products
The total annual output of all kinds of aquatic products in the world is two to nine million clear, an average of twenty-one city hall per person, while China's average per person is only nine city catty.

Does our country have the conditions to greatly increase the production of aquatic products? My answer is yes. According to our knowledge
According to our knowledge, from the area available for aquaculture seaport, shallow sea in one dry five million lets above; available for aquaculture river, lakes, ponds,
Reservoirs and reservoirs have a total of 100 million tons; the coast has Chaohai Bay, Dawei, Bone Out, Zhandong, Beibu Gulf, a large injection field, and dozens of small and medium-sized fish farms, as well as a number of small and medium-sized fish farms.
There are dozens of small and medium-sized fish farms along the coast. If the area of seawater culture reaches 10 million provinces, the ancient average to produce three thousand kilograms, the total output
If the area of freshwater aquaculture reaches 80 million mu, the average mu yield will be 400 kilograms, and the total output will be 1,000,000,000 tons.
The area of freshwater aquaculture has reached 80 million mu, with an average yield of 400 catties per mu and a total production of 10 million tons; the area of fish farming has reached 100 million mu, with an average yield of 20 catties per mu and a total production of 10 million tons. In terms of marine fishing
According to the estimation of the fishery, three million tons of fish can be caught every year. The above total, our country can produce 3,000,000 tons of aquatic products every year.
Guan million tons or so. Therefore, we believe that the development of aquatic products production is not only necessary, but also complete and organized.
The

In the end how to develop China's aquatic Yu industry? For a long time, the aquatic sector is cloth and so on. One opinion, Yi

26. " 1 8958

| | | | | |
In order to check the development of aquaculture business, nine should mainly rely on the first national monopoly, the implementation of centralized management, to the deep-sea pelagic development, and
The other opinion is that the fishery industry should be centralized and centralized management should be carried out. The other opinion is in favor of cooperation with the local authorities, decentralization of management, inland and offshore development of all water surfaces, inland and offshore development, and inland and offshore development of all water surfaces, inland and offshore development.
The other opinion is that we should decentralize the management to the localities and develop inland and offshore waters, and focus on aquaculture in the wells. This is an equalization of two ideas and western methods.

On the question of state-run or co-operative organization, one opinion is that state-run is a system of ownership by the people, and co-operative organization is a system of collective ownership, while collective ownership is a system of ownership by the people.
ownership, and collective ownership should be replaced by people's ownership, and therefore the main focus should be on the state-run industry.
Therefore, the main focus should be placed on state-owned enterprises. Another view was that the production of aquatic products had always been a very extensive mass production enterprise. Aquatic products
Of the total output of aquatic products, the state-run enterprises accounted for only about 20%, and most of it came from the mass production; the state-run enterprises had only 20,000 employees, while the country had 40,000 employees.
There are only 20,000 employees in state-run enterprises, while there are 4.5 million professional fishermen and many more farmers in the country; there are only 400 state-run saloons, while there are 10,000 coastal saloons; and there are only 2,000 fishermen in the country.
The number of state-run enterprises is only 400, while there are more than 100,000 coastal fishermen, and the number of state-run employees is too small to solve the current problems.
This is a very small number and cannot solve the current problems. China's various water surfaces are so many and widely distributed, and a great part of the aquaculture industry has never been a part of agriculture.
The aquaculture industry is a side business of the agricultural industry, which does not rely on the millions of talents and hundreds of millions of creeps, and does not rely on the cooperation of the
It is impossible to develop China's aquaculture industry without relying on millions of talents and hundreds of millions of people in the industry, and without relying on and cooperating with the great efforts, financial resources, material resources and wisdom of the people.

On the question of centralized or decentralized management by the central ministry, one intention is to emphasize the importance of the system as a self-contained system.
One opinion is to emphasize that the management should be centralized and decentralized. One opinion is to strongly advocate the decentralization of management to the local level.

"On the question of ocean-going fishing or offshore fishing, one opinion is that the future of the fishing industry lies in the ocean, and it is important to plan for the development of the fishing industry in the ocean beforehand.
One opinion is that the future of the industry is the ocean, so we should plan to go fishing in the ocean beforehand. Another opinion is that, except for whales, sea chests, fur seals, etc., the oceanic fishery should be planned for offshore fishing beforehand.
In the ocean, except for whales, sea chests, fur seals, etc. in the deep sea, generally all kinds of products are in the coastal area, and fishing in the ocean, the investment is relatively large, the income is relatively small.
Small, which is not cost-effective in our country at present. Many countries in the world have different reasons and purposes for developing offshore fishing.
different reasons and purposes. For example, some socialist countries are due to the lack of sufficient fishing grounds in their own countries, and need to develop offshore fishing in order to satisfy the people's demand for aquatic products.
They need to develop their fishing grounds in order to satisfy their people's need for aquatic products. In the case of the United States, Britain and other imperialist countries, their distant-water fishing was
They are linked to their foreign expansion policy. Their distant continents are often in fact the coastal waters of other countries.
The situation of our aquaculture industry is different from that of the imperialist countries which need to hunt danger in the distant seas, and even more different from that of the United States and Britain, therefore, the ocean broadcasting is not the same as that of other countries.
The United States and the United Kingdom, therefore, the policy of ocean broadcasting should be mainly offshore, make full use of our existing injection field, restore the existing fishing grounds.
We should make full use of our existing fishing grounds, restore the existing fishing grounds, open up new fishing grounds in the South China Sea, vigorously accelerate the mechanization of turbid ships, and accumulate the latest fishing techniques, and strive to improve offshore production.
We will make full use of our existing fishing grounds to restore the existing fishing grounds in Dangqing and open up new fishing grounds in the South China Sea. Strengthen the breeding and protection of bean sources, and consolidate the coastal production.
When the conditions are favorable, the fishing industry should of course be developed appropriately.

In the development of aquatic production should be visited for a long time fishing-oriented, or aquaculture-oriented open question. One kind of intention is that, at present
The total output of the world's aquatic products, aquaculture production is only ten percent, and most of the hard is marine fishing, foreign scientific documents are mostly like to capture the community, rarely effect to aquaculture.
Scientific documents in foreign countries are mostly like to capture society, rarely effect to culture. Therefore, our country should also "according to the original appropriate science? to marine fishing
and do not need to mobilize the masses for aquaculture. Most of the people who advocate this idea are technicians who have studied in Japan, Britain and the United States.
The majority of those who advocated this idea were technicians who had studied in Japan, Britain and the United States. Another opinion is that, according to the specific situation of our country, the production of aquatic products should be heavily subsidized.

The 8th .27.

| | | | | |
Must be to raise the main electronic, rich provinces, prefectures, counties, can each according to the specific conditions, to move the main Zhi Zhi Sai. Raise and all.
Because most of China is in the Cascade belt, subtropical, aquatic chapter of the Kai breeding and growth are very fast. China can be cultured Han
Sea beaches and harbor area of a steam million Lei, currently also commissioned the use of more than 10,000,000 Lei, available for aquaculture of freshwater area of Huang
The area of fresh water available for aquaculture is 100 million yuan, but at present, it is only utilized and roughly 1,000 spots sound more than 10,000,000 south, and if these waters are fully utilized, the annual output can be more than three times.
More than ten million Gu, can be a culture of the potential of the source is very large. In addition, our country is a country with a thousand years of farming tradition, especially in freshwater aquaculture.
In particular, freshwater aquaculture is very half. Therefore, the culture-based approach is in line with the specific situation of our country.
Only by firmly following the path of the masses and mobilizing the vast number of cooperators and the masses of families to develop seawater and freshwater aquaculture, we can make our country's aquaculture a success.
The aquaculture industry of our country will be able to make a leap forward.

From this, we can see that the above two ideas and methods are the two approaches to the development of aquaculture.
The two ideas and methods mentioned above are also two approaches to the development of the aquaculture industry. This Yu Sui, in the past quite a long period of time, Xia has not been well resolved. The fact is that when I
When we are still bound by the wrong thinking and have not been liberated, the aquaculture industry can not make great strides forward. For example.

The target of over one million tons could not be set. After the power

We started the second five-year plan, but we could only make a circle between 4.5 million tons and 1.52 million tons.

The workers of Huamin factory thought a lot.

The workers of Huamin factory thought a lot and used poor methods to innovate the technology. He.

The small factory of six people made a big technical innovation. They spent only thirty dollars and made a tax of two million dollars.

The Shanghai Hua Zhan Zhong Mechanical Industry Association is a small factory with only six employees.
All the production equipment was only a lathe, a quarter wrench, a press, and a hand-held machine.
The factory had only one lathe, one quarter-trigger, one punching machine, one hand press, and five nickel tigers.
The total production capacity was only one lathe, one wrench, one punch press and one hand press, and five nickel tigers. The total number of products in the factory was. J. 1580 Model 1580 pneumatic automatic
The need for a pneumatic press is significant, but the company is not able to produce this type of machine due to the lack of equipment.
However, due to the outdated equipment, this product could not meet the requirements of various aspects.
After the implementation of the measures to improve and innovate the technology in the city, the workers of the factory started to work hard to improve the technology.
After the opening of the city, the workers of the factory were all very ambitious, and they promised that they would make their own standards.
They promised that they would put forward their own goals: to actively research and innovate, and to make the operation of the factory more efficient.
They promised to actively research and innovate technology, to change manual labor into light manual labor, and to make the factory more efficient by the end of the year.
The annual production of tools was basically changed within a year.
The tools of production were basically changed within a year.

Six major technological innovations.
Productivity generally increased ~ - understand to 25 times, the highest increase of
The highest increase is ten times. Among the sixteen technical measures taken.
There are a group of more than one is not to spend a cent bar, the workers themselves to improve. Such as the past production
For example, in the past, the manufacture of automatic controllers and pieces of "ripe Zhan flange", is to use the insertion and extraction of the machine under the pressure.
No sixteen hours to do only four, and the labor intensity is very high.
High, Portugal through the Italian Dougen masters changed to use the smell of the press, six hours to make a hundred.
After changing to the press, he made 100 pieces in 6 hours, which was 15 times more efficient. Another kind of rare piece is the "three-legged
Three-legged", in the past, the output was low and the quality was poor.
Three workers worked together to make the manganese, but by using a visualizer, the output has increased by 20 times, and the quantity and quality have improved.
The quantity of paralyzed and the appearance of the products have reached the first-class level.
There are some technical problems and strong preparation problems that can't be solved by the factory alone, so they take the initiative to go out and wait for the factory to solve them.
If they can't be solved, they take the initiative to go out and wait for the center factory and brother factories to solve them.

aaa

99.

1958

| | |
is also still far behind objective reality.

We have some comrades, over-excited in the development of aquaculture business of two ideas, two methods of birth, so can't
In time to overcome the wrong thinking, adhere to the positive will be looking for, is due to the number of stripes and light experimentalism, the Chinese aquaculture industry, the characteristics of the training Ji insufficient, do not dare to put the Chinese aquaculture industry, the characteristics of the training Ji insufficient.
The reason why we can't overcome the wrong ideas in time and insist on the right way is that we are bound by the principle and the light experimentalism, and we don't have enough training on the characteristics of Chinese aquaculture industry, and we don't dare to put the past Zhuhang into the high level of principle. This is a deep lesson for us.
This is a deep lesson for us.

Both through the rectification movement, especially the second meeting of the party's National People's Congress, we thought of the liberation, the party to find a clear son, aquaculture
The situation of the great leap forward of the aquaculture industry also appeared. This year's provincial plans have reached more than five million tons of real souls.
This target can exceed that of Japan, which has the highest aquatic product output among the present-day capitalist countries, that is to say, the stock can exceed that of all the capitalist countries.
In other words, the production of fish products can exceed that of all the capitalist countries in the world. On this basis, it is possible for us to make the output of aquatic products in 1962 reach more than one million tons, equal to the current level of production.
more than one million square tons, equal to one-half of the total fish production of the world at present. Under the guidance of the Party committees at all levels, the Fubi
With the guidance of the Party committees at all levels and with the human, material and intellectual resources of the masses, the Party's general approach to building bamboo society is being steadily implemented, based on cooperation, decentralization of management, and the development of the aquaculture industry.
We have been able to solve a series of problems in the development of the aquaculture industry through cooperation, decentralization of management, inland and offshore development of all water surfaces, and aquaculture as the mainstay of the aquaculture industry.
By solving a series of problems in the development of the aquaculture industry, we will surely be able to realize the above-mentioned glorious tasks.

- I am sure that we will be able to realize the above honorable tasks.
The support of the authorization. When the factory did not have a bed, they went to the center of the factory to find support.
The center of the factory is closed on the day of the week, so they go to the center of the factory for support. They went to the center of the factory to get support, so they went to the center of the factory to get support. The problem of the lack of equipment was solved.
The problem of the lack of equipment was solved without the use of six pieces of equipment, and the problem of the lack of equipment was solved without the use of six pieces of equipment.
I've got it.             (LAUGHING)                            How refreshing.
They're always doing the most with the least, the most with the least.
They're always doing the most with the least. For example, in order to improve two molds, they needed steel, so they bought a new one to catch up.
In order to improve the molds, the workers would go on a Sunday yard sale, rejecting the old molds in the scrapyard.
To the category of the old mold expansion, only Ding more than four dollars, Jiguo and the new handover a happy bad Kepler.
The same thing. Another example is that in order to compensate for the lack of equipment in the bed, they only spent
In order to make up for the lack of equipment, they only spent ten dollars to buy two mesh wrenches, and used their spare time to make a milling tool.
There are pages of people who have made a one-person guide to the meter.                    Terashita and Ben
The facts of the factory vividly illustrate that no matter how bad the factory is, if it is not in a hurry, it can still be a place where technology and innovation can flourish.
We can also make a great deal of technology and innovation, not to spend or spend less, there are two ladders up to the sky, and we can make the technological reform a great success.
We can make technological reforms a success. This is also the only thing that can be traced back to the past.
The kind of technology and innovation must spend money, spend less money to get it done, or spend less money to get it done, or spend less money to get it done, or spend less money to get it done, or spend less money to get it done.
The one-sided view that money can't be spent.                                    (Shanghai: Zheng Chengyi)

Let's go!

-The 8th of its " 29.

||
 internal reality, or from subjectivity?
The hole and the label

Whether to work from the practical point of view and use the materialistic viewpoint or to work from the subjective point of view and use the subjectivist and metaphysical viewpoint, under the same objective conditions, in the cause of socialist construction, there are two different ways of doing things.
Under the same objective conditions, in the cause of socialist construction, what we get are two very different kinds of results.
Under the same objective conditions, in the cause of socialist construction, we will get two very different kinds of results. One is much faster and better than the other, while the other is much weirder and worse than the other.

In the fox-making industry, the word "grass" and "mori" are used, while in the aquaculture industry, the word "yankee" and "shun" are used. "and so on, in the aquaculture business, and in the aquaculture business, with vivid
This truth has been demonstrated with vivid and powerful facts. When one looks at and deals with half of the world with a subjectivist and metaphysical way of thinking, the first Five-Year Plan is not a good idea.
When the first Five-Year Plan's production target of one million tons was not exceeded, the aquatic production target of four hundred and fifty tons was not exceeded, and the production target of one million tons was not exceeded.
The production target of aquatic products could not break through the four and a half million tons of sedan chair. Later, he analyzed the objective situation by applying the method of materialism and defense.
Developed a positive working policy, the fine fruit, nineteen days two years of consumption production target raised to five million tons, will greatly exceed the United Kingdom; this year's aquatic products
This year's aquatic production target has exceeded five million tons, and the target of the second five-year plan has been raised to more than two million tons.
The second Five-Year Plan target was raised to two million tons, and China's aquatic production will leap to the top of the world.

The example of these two ministries, women's agriculture, gold industry, chemical industry, petroleum industry and so on countless similar examples.
We must carry on the struggle to break down subjectivism and establish dialectical materialism that has already begun in our thinking.
We must carry on the fight against subjectivism and dialectical materialism that has already been waged in the This great victory will help us to build socialism faster than anyone could have imagined.

Dialectical materialism is different from dogmatism and shamanism. The dogmatists are superstitious about poisonous books, about foreign countries, and about

They believe in their own outdated and narrow-minded experiments. Dialectical materialists, on the other hand, emphasize the objective reality, and have the opportunity to formulate work plans and methods.
In order to formulate work plans, methods and approaches, one must start from the actual situation and take into account the characteristics of China.
In developing the home industry and organizing local industries in a prefecture or county, we must take into account the characteristics of China.

The development of local industries in a prefecture or county must take into account the characteristics of the prefecture or county. Undoubtedly, we will always take into account the basic principles of Marxism-Leninism, and we will always emphasize the importance of the principles of Marxism-Leninism in the development of local industries.

The general principles of the Marxism-Leninism. What we must do is to combine principle with spirituality, and to combine general principles with concrete practice.
We must combine principle with spirituality, and combine universal principles with concrete practice. We will always emphasize the experience of our predecessors, of foreign countries, and of our own past. However, we will never let these
We will never let ourselves be bound by these experiments. In the cause of socialist construction, only programs, guidelines and methods formulated in the light of actual practice and in conformity with the laws of subculture can maximize the effectiveness of our work.
- In the cause of socialist construction, it is only by means of plans, guidelines and methods formulated in accordance with actual practice and in conformity with the laws of the subculture that we can make the best use of the objective favorable conditions and seek to serve the cause of socialist construction.
It is only through the full utilization of objective favourable conditions to serve the cause of socialist construction, and through the full utilization of all the forces and positive factors of socialism that the speed of socialist construction can be accelerated.

Some of the spokesmen of the fox industry and the aquaculture sector were at first blinded by dogmatism. They had to, and they did.
Since all the countries in the world make raw materials out of pulp, and the shipping industry is based on ocean-going fishing, we have to do the same.

-In 1958.

| In 1958
The first way to do so, and then the cabinet has the first road. And with wooden oars to get the fox, it is going to be limited by our timber Qinjian not much! Oceangoing
To expand, we have to build a big general, spend mutual amount of investment table. In this way, the development speed of fox-making industry and aquaculture naturally cannot grow up quickly.
The development of fox-making industry and fishery business naturally could not grow up quickly. The thinking method of some other comrades was not like this. They started from the actual situation of our country, and partly
In terms of raw materials for ice-making, the Principality of Taibu is a very rich source, and our country has been relying on ice-making for more than two years.
In terms of aquaculture, our country has good climatic conditions and a lot of water for aquaculture, and there are also many years of aquaculture in the country.
Therefore, they advocate that in the industry of migratory thinning should take grasses and more raw materials as the main policy, and in the aquaculture business should take the world's raw materials as the main policy.
Therefore, they advocated that the aquaculture industry should adopt the policy of focusing on grasses and raw materials and the aquaculture industry should adopt the policy of focusing on aquaculture. In this way, the development of these two kinds of business is faster than the implementation of the former policy, can be three times faster.
In this way, the speed of development of these two businesses will be three, four, to five, or even three times faster than the implementation of the previous policy. These two examples vividly illustrate the point. The same
The two examples vividly illustrate how different results can be obtained from the same objective conditions, from the practical approach and from several approaches.

Of course, the materialistic approach is fundamentally opposite to revisionism. Revisionists boast of their "originality".
In reality, what they call "originality" is nothing but a piece of cloth used to stifle their own beliefs in the principles of universalism and Leninism.
The "originality" they give is just a piece of cloth to cover up their own backwardness to the principles of Prabhavism and Leninism, and to hide their own superstitious beliefs about the fundamentalism. The dialectical materialists have a spirit of total
The spirit of creation of the dialectical materialists is based on reality, seeking truth from facts and conforming to objective laws. It is this spirit of creation that is responsible for
It is this spirit of creativity that is responsible for the transformation of nature and the advancement of society. Because the objective reality is the richest and most varied, the dialectical materialists who emphasize the objective reality are the richest and the most varied.
Dialectical materialists are the most creative. The wisdom of those who have mastered the law of materialism is boundless.

The materialistic method is incompatible with the optimization and stagnation of thought. It begs people's thoughts to constantly wow jung injustice view
The actual change and change. Only mechanical materialism sees objective things as unchanging. Comrade Mao Handong
Comrade Mao Handong said in his "Practical Heaven": "Any process, not only belonging to nature and society, but also due to internal contradictions and struggles, is moving forward.
All processes, not only in nature and society, but also due to internal contradictions and struggles, move forward and develop, and so should the movement of human beings. According to the social movement.
The guidance of a true revolution lies not only in the need to correct one's own thinking, reasoning, planning, and methods when they are wrong, but also in the need to correct one's own thinking, reasoning, planning, and methods when they are wrong, as we have seen above.

When a certain objective process has moved from one stage of development to another, we must be able to make ourselves and all those who are participating in the revolution follow the change in subjective awareness, i.e., to make the new process work.
That is to say, we have to make the new revolutionary tasks and the new program of work suitable for the new situation. Revolutionary Period
The situation changes very rapidly, and if the revolutionaries cannot change rapidly with it, they will not be able to lead the revolution to victory.
to victory." Some of the comrades in the industrial sector have in fact spasmodically created small well run factories and produced high quality products made from the articles and covenants.
Some comrades in the industrial sector are still against the development of small factories and strawberries when in fact there are already very well run small factories, producing high quality products made from articles and treaties. He can not see the local run industry's active
In fact, it is a manifestation of the backwardness of thought in reality. There are also some colleagues in the Ministry of Fisheries who advocate that the fishery industry should only be operated by the state.
Some colleagues in the Ministry of Fisheries also advocate that the fishery industry should be mainly state-run, and do not favor that it should be mainly run by cooperatives. The basic reason for this is also that the idea lags behind the reality.
The basic reason for this is that their thinking lags behind the actual situation, that they have underestimated the high degree of enthusiasm generated by the peasants after the realization of cooperativization, and that they are still observing the problem in accordance with the quality and quality of the backward small peasant economy.
The reason for this was also that the mindset was backward.

Our country is now in an unusual time of rapid change. In the economic, political and ideological contexts of the

Issue 8 "3L.

| | | | | | | | |
After the Yuyi Revolution was basically completed, the liberated productive forces moved forward by leaps and bounds. New records, new indicators.
New records, new indicators, often within a few days there is another market. New creations, new signs, often the least conservative people have to be
tongue. Under these circumstances, if we are very alert to the new changes in our work, we are afraid that we will be unable to keep abreast of the latest developments.

If we can catch the new changes in the actual work (even if it is a sandstorm), and supplement, improve, and modify our plans and methods of work in due time, then we will be able to keep up with the changes in our plans and methods of work.

The speed of the construction of the madness will be accelerated continuously. On the contrary, if we are not smart enough, we will miss the opportunity if we fall behind the actual situation for a while.
If we are not smart enough, even if we fall behind the actual situation, we will miss the time, so that the factors that can optimize the construction of traditional socialism cannot be distributed, and the precious time will be lost quietly.
The compensation quietly dropped from the hands. During this period, the practice of the Ministry of Metallurgical Industry drew special attention from us. Metallurgical industry
The comrades of the Ministry of Metallurgical Industry paid attention to the changes of the situation, and once they found the factors that could move the speed of the development of the gold-medicine industry, they seized it and utilized it to their advantage.
They seized it and made use of it. He fully relied on the enthusiasm of the Hongfang to run small mesh factories and open small mines, and raised the development speed of the metallurgical industry to an alarming level.
The speed of development of the industry has reached an astonishing level. Many people said, "Now the gold industry is getting better and better every day." We
We can take this statement as the right-hand saying for all the units in the Ministry of Gold Industry in the day's leap forward. At the present time we are in a situation of
In the present situation we are in, for the dialectical materialists who are advancing with the fashion, we should be inclined to collect new nutrients, believe in the new concepts, and think about the new concepts.
and the belief in new developments in the world.                   The

Dialectical materialism attaches great importance to the role of human thought and human subjective initiative. Dialectical materialism less sore for that
The objective law of development of your thing is not transferable by the will of the sky, but people can make full use of the objective law to change the nature and transform the society.
nature and transform society. The idea of the objective law, the first for the masses of people to grasp, can be turned into a material force to move out of the side of the sea.
The idea of the objective law is mastered by the masses, and can be transformed into the material power to move out of the sea. In "The Strategic Problems of China's Revolutionary Warfare", Mr. Zafuidong said, "The success or failure of a war committee is mainly determined by the
It is true that the success or failure of a war committee is mainly determined by the military, political, economic and natural conditions of the two sides in the first battle. However, not only that, it also depends on the subjective guidance of both sides.
However, it also depends on the ability of both sides to provide subjective guidance. A strategist cannot attempt to win a war by exceeding the material conditions, but a militarist can.
However, a military man can, but must, win the war within the material conditions that allow him to do so. The downfall of a military man is based on the objective material conditions.
The downfall of a military man is based on the objective material conditions, but the military man can direct a lot of powerful and colorful activities with the help of this platform.
The military can direct a lot of heroic and colorful campaigns. Starting from the actual situation, starting with a big tire, working boldly, and building on the side of a big platform, this is a proof of the law aba
This is the attitude of the respondent. The opposite of this attitude: the eyes only see the objective conditions of the limitations, the spirit of Lingku not pull, and the spirit of the world's most important people, the spirit of the world's most important people.
This is a misguided attempt to take advantage of those who can learn politics and should be able to fly and so on. Under the same objective conditions, give full play to human subjective
Under the same objective conditions, if we give full play to human initiative, or if we abolish the extremely conservative attitude, we will get different results, which is what we have learned from 1956,
We can see this clearly in the three years of 1956, 1957 and 1988, when the national loi was in full bloom.

Now, the Foundation chapter on the glazing industry and the aquaculture industry gives us another vivid picture of this situation.

The chapter on the manufacturing industry and the aquaculture industry now brings us back to this stark contrast with vivid facts.

2 1958

| |
auaneenumbewsuumhaos

Hubei Provincial Committee of the Communist Party of China

oemutMmmameunamrrhyimamspumstaakthonpoqimiuuyurntutbaunpmeuneannapunanuummaeawairoesaanuyonmanhymntonm

This year, this province of Lake, wheat and other real crops, another bumper harvest. And the total grain output of the summer harvest may reach seventy
billion halls, which will increase production by more than three billion pounds over the year of days. If not in April 1-10 around left over a ice up, wind against and
Against the seed more than ten days of direct rain, the total production may reach eight billion pounds. This year's summer crop, and to be the best of the cloudy area.
The total production may reach more than three billion hall, will be more than last year overproduction of more than ten billion help.

In order to timely total fine race the area small to the abundant production suburb test, Liu early cloth Gan winter pool seeding, in order to make good banana preparation, pressure to take the next year's summer production again a big leap.
Next year's summer production again a big leap forward. To this end, the Hubei Provincial Party Committee on May 5 to May 17 Chang Hu to team Can
held an on-site meeting. Participating in this meeting were the responsible comrades of the provincial fall, the first of the local and county committees, the responsible comrades of the relevant departments of the province and the responsible comrades of the county committees.
Specialized area of the department in charge of the comrades and agricultural experts and other more than two hundred people. This meeting visit is basically walking to open inquiry "is looking at
Opened, the dragon in the field cancer opened. We took the side visit, . Side debate, side total thousand, side arrangement method, strong base in the
The present Liu visit to learn. The meeting lied this spent nine days, in six counties to visit, in 100,000 agricultural into and Wang a local
Fang Guozhao farms on the household to observe flowers. This kind of walking to observe flowers and the lower bureau to observe the flowers and the border method, in not owes before held Hu Province
Agricultural production inspection, received a good effect, in this scene will boat, double received a crazy material good effect.
The results were very good. This has made us realize that the method of "going to the bureau to observe the flowers" and "going down to the bureau to observe the flowers" as instructed by Comrade Mao Zedong is very suitable for
for production campaigns on the scale of imitation guided fires.

This district meeting was very good and very fruitful. Through the on-site visit, we have broken down several beliefs about small-scale production and have learned a great deal about small-scale production.
We learned the advanced experience of small tip cultivation, and studied and arranged the winter sowing.

Before the meeting visit, many comrades on wheat production there are a lot of superstitious view imitation. For example. "small go is a low-yield crop.
Can't pass the jack pass" "Gangland two quality Jing thin, people less land, labor is not, small miniatures can't be a large area quotient abundance of production"
"large mountain slopes wheat can not be a large area of quota yield" "paddy fields of small talent can not be high yield" and so on. These wrong
viewpoints were criticized in this on-site bribery view.

How can change * small friend is a low-yield crop, can not pass the jack"? From Suixian ~ - walk test Gucheng, in the whole more than five hundred Huahei

* "and idle Tan Note: This is a report from the Hubei Provincial Party Committee to the Central Committee.
No. 8, "Light.

| |
Within the area, there are plains, granite fields, and large mountainous areas, where wheat grows like that Fanwang, with dense rows and thick, large-grain levies.
Moreover, each county has some high-yielding typical high-yield of more than 1,000 halls, and, if there is no disaster, there may be a small mu yield of more than double halls.
Kao*. Gucheng, No Yang, Guanghua, bamboo curses, Zhi Martyr City, five letter counties and cities, this year's summer harvest grain production, not only than last year's summer harvest
Grain output pingga one person almost more, but also can catch up with last year's total output of food in the public year, decided to show their "a quarter to fish public

year" slogan. Take Zhengyang County as an example, Drum County this year's total summer harvest stove food production is expected to reach more than 700 million pounds, more than last year's total grain output of five years.
Knocking County to the year's total food production of 500 million pounds more than 200 million pounds. This played his "wheat is a low-yield crop, can not pass the thousand pounds off" -

The superstition.

How can we say that "the wheat in Gangdi can't produce abundantly in a large area"? In the northern part of Xiangyang County, there is a plateau with a square map of more than a hundred miles.
Gangland, soil fall, fewer people, more land, labor shortage, Jie Lai are widely planted Surabaya harvest, Gui Di fall Bodhi is also a lot of, in the past
is a famous low-yield area, each mu of wheat production of only forty pounds to five pounds. But this year, this area of wheat, also won
Got an unprecedented bumper harvest. For example, in the agricultural society of the Gangpai less grain, all the arable land is Gangdian, the soil is thin, and there are fewer people and more land.
The soil was thin, the people were few and the land was plentiful, and each laborer had an average of ten hectares of arable land to cultivate. In 1956, the average yield per acre was only 7.6 tons.
In 1956, the average yield per mu was only 76 catties, and the average yield per mu in the year of the great harvest was only 160 catties in the year of the great harvest of 15,000 years. This year, the average wheat yield of this Zhu is high.

May reach more than four pounds, the total output of summer harvest grain pseudo output may reach seven million halls to eight million pounds, open last year the Zhu to the annual grain.

The total food production of 3.5 million pounds last year turned over a lot. This fact, once again, vividly illustrates the "hard work of the people and the ground does not fit" this
Exposure reasoning. At the same time, it also strongly breaks the superstition that the wheat in Gangdi can't have high yield.

How can we avoid the "big out of the area of the slope of the small can not be a large area of high beacon yield? Zhuxi County in the large register area, this year also won the
A big harvest in front of the window. The total output is worse than last year's one sex, the mountain appeared a lot of mu produce kilograms of wheat ten land, may also be
have on open an average Yu yielding a thousand kilograms of wheat agricultural bamboo. Gucheng County, large book district of the essence of the community and millions of rich and poor community planted on the slopes of the mountain.
small charcoal, also appeared to produce straight yields of more than yi gang by type. This beat the big by the district of the slope of the wheat can not be a large area of high chrome make
The superstition of the production.

How can the wheat of the water fish not have a high yield? Gucheng County new life agricultural type wheat also has the same
The wheat also has the same type of mine to produce pounds. What is particularly interesting is that the 11th production team, the enterprise layer is two inches deep and the bottom is a pebble field.
The wheat planted in the field with two inches of depth and pebbles underneath yielded more than 800 pounds per acre. This breaks the myth that paddy wheat can't be high-fronted and productive.
The medium.

Most of the vouchers plus the comrades and also diverted to visit the yellow hernia area of Luo city with and new sand county large area of suburb including abundant production of wheat, strengthened in the rainy season.
Wheat, strengthened in the more rainy Yangtze River two rocky areas can also get wheat large areas of high yield confidence.

Some home industry technical cadres, superstitious and long, superstitious past, Jing abide by stereotypes, resting on the status quo, do not believe in the masses of knowledge and power.
They don't believe in the knowledge and power of the masses, and they don't believe in the new creations in the production practice of Jiang Jiang, even in the face of the wheat fields which have a yield of more than one kilogram per mu, they still have the confidence that they can get a high and abundant yield of wheat in large areas.

7

*, draft Kao Phi, front big month 13th People's Daily reported, Hubei Province, Gucheng County, Juda Township, pioneer agricultural society of a south of seven minutes seven is more than a small mold, the southern output of up to 4,600 and inches nine.
to four thousand six hundred and inch nine hall more.                            -

* 34, 1958

That's it.

| |
No ancestral invasion; their reasoning was, "There is no record of such a high level in the world?" It's as if the old world record is not even possible. It's as if the old world record is simply not
As if the old world record could not be surpassed by Rui's. And some of the cadres who do not weave deeply into agricultural production, influenced by these people, will not dare to boldly
The first step is to break this kind of paper-testingism and counting. Breaking this kind of paper-testing and counting is a very important task in the agricultural production war.
This is a very important task in the war of agricultural production. Many of the old beliefs left over from the old China and the old society have been in the minds of the people. In the new situation of agricultural production
In the new situation of agricultural production, only by fighting all kinds of superstitions, to a big key of thought, only bone enough to have a big leap forward in production. One
Wei people's thinking is emancipated, grasp the growth of crops, take the corresponding, necessary measures, drum Feng may
It was possible to make agricultural production develop at a higher or highest rate. In the Gongyang area and other areas, there were many instances of superstitious beliefs.
The case of the Great Leap Forward in harvesting is one of the most convincing examples of this.

Through this visit, the comrades present at the meeting unanimously agreed that the potential for increasing the yield of the summer crop is very great. Only the village has the determination to increase
Cultivation of work, appropriate measures, any area of the small test, can get a large area of high yield. In some places, the wheat of the

The main reason why some places still haven't broken the low-yield situation should be changed, the main liver problem is that the secluded guide is not strong enough, the superstition is not glazed over, and the thought is that the wheat crop can be produced in a large area with high yields.

Not emancipated, therefore, in the two small test production guide, the lack of consistency to the end of the dry bar and bold technical innovation of the
The main problem is that the guidance is ineffective, because the superstition has not been eliminated.

Through the visit, the comrades who came to the meeting also studied some of the advanced Yuanzhao of Mu plug wheat. In order to make Xiao Cai effect

In order to make the small talent effect to get the large area cancer Xi FengYuan, we all stand unanimously for, must from now on, hi from all aspects to carry on the full preparation work.
To break down the Xingxin, people emancipate the mind, to total brown the past suburb experimental number of Ji, early proposed multi-season sowing plan; village mobilization of the masses, selecting good seed: the machine is a machine, the machine is a machine, the machine is a machine.
Selection of good seeds: machine according to the implementation of new technical measures of the village requirements, and actively plantain preparation of new production tools; to think of ways, for the
Wheat plantation preparation is enough

 In the wheat h | to effectively do, learn from the deep plowing experience in Henan Province Changcheng County, foreign deep plowing, get the

The most important thing is to sow the seeds at the right time and plant them in dense rows, so that the average seeding per acre can reach twenty to twenty-five kilograms: to apply sufficient seeding.

Fertilizer, to mix fertilizers, beans mixed with seed fertilizer should be reasonable fertilizer, staged in the wheat over winter. Guiqing and budding time household fertilizer 3
Tracks make good field reading management, carry out the "four prevention and four protection? campaign, anti-star, anti-disease, anti-Jing Thur harm, anti-falling, guarantee Ying, guarantee
It is also a good idea to keep the plant in good condition, and to keep the plant in good condition.

However, there is no good solution to the problem of preventing the collapse of wheat. This year, most of our province
wheat in most of the cadres' bed test fields grew very well, but unfortunately, many of them fell down and suffered great losses. It is necessary to further study the
The cause of the collapse and on the prevention of the correct approach.      The

Through the present dust situation, we also preliminary study and arrangement of this year's winter Pan species group planning. The province plans to plant 2,500 square meters of pandas this winter.
Can two thousand five hundred square poems, fight average mu yield four hundred hall, autumn barley days million Lei, average yield three hundred help to three hundred and fifty pounds!
Seed art three million Lei to also million mu, the average acre yield of five hundred pounds of food; seed egg beans, now beans days million straight, the average
Production of three hundred and fifty halls, planting oil Rong five million lets, the average yield of one hundred pounds. If there is no big disaster, next year's summer crop of
Grain production may reach 14 billion halls, than this year's summer crop of grain chapter production of seven billion pounds again - a change.

Issue 8 - *85.

| | | | | |
There is no doubt that the realization of the above plan will require great efforts and measures to ensure it.

Many comrades thought that it was necessary and timely to hold such a meeting at this time, that is, before the harvest.
It's timely. Mao Zedong told us: "Do not fight unprepared, and in terms of agricultural production, take measures as early as possible. Mao Zedong told us: "We should not make preparations for the agricultural production of silicon.
This is one of the keys to realizing the Great Shame. Our preliminary plan for winter sowing now will make it easier for us to prepare the acid in the

We can widely consult the masses and concentrate their wisdom so that we can make adequate preparations in terms of ideas, technology and materials.

Moreover, it can guide the initiative and planning of agricultural production, facilitate the comprehensive arrangement of sowing areas for various crops, and make decisions on the accumulation of last season's crops.
It can also help to solve the contradiction between planting last season's crops and planting next season's crops. At the same time, the total gray harvest, cloth medical winter sowing capsule, for the current
The current agricultural production is also a big move. I intend to adopt this approach for the production of water, cotton and oilseed crops in the future.
I intend to adopt this approach for the production of water, cotton and oilseed crops in the future, and to carry out total harvesting and sowing at the right time.

A mine five letter year Asia month three last month

The village will be urbanized.
On the night of the high test, the munchkin demon has been furiously lighted up 1!
A big party, "Shanghai" Yong'an No.2 Factory
"Shanghai Yongan No. 2 Factory" (by Chen Qikun)
I'm looking for the factory manager, and I'm stretching out my arms.
Only the light shines on the factory, and the industrialization of the countryside. I can't find anything.

- I've been going from town to town. I've got clothes and sails in the office.
By the light of the lamps, all the villages are running factories, and there are briefcases in the classroom3 .
The desk is full of money, and the factories, big and small, are in a state of flux, but it's the factory manager who's in a state of flux.

But the factory managers, they're just writing about it, aren't they?     Each one of them has a smoking flute.     Where did they go?
Get up and go to the stars.

I've been to a lot of places. I've been to a lot of things.
Don't pay the bills. The Bamboo Club is running a factory, and we've got the technology to do it.
It's the culmination of a two-pronged approach, "Pilot Country". "Pilot country".
It's easy to break the quotas and advance, and start from scratch.              An apprentice is picking the material.
You're in a hurry to set new quotas.                   We'll just tear down the workers' hall.

"We've learned 12 things.
"Bao Bao, don't tell the ceiling, all the villages have Zuqi.        (Shanghai workers from)
Wedding clothes to the exams, industrialization in the countryside.
*36, 1958.

17

mnmmnaonmanmne, 7

| | | | | | | |
Last winter and spring in Gansu and the provincial group plan this year to produce four hundred kilograms of grain on the too
The county, city Yao thirty-five, accounting for the pseudo-provincial county, the city of the total number of a person in more than
above, accounting for the storage of the province's arable land area of eleven point wine seven percent. These
The average yield of these counties and cities in 1977 was one hundred and ten ping and one hundred and ten pounds per mu.
There are four counties with an average yield of one hundred kilograms and four counties with an average yield of one hundred quintals and eleven kilograms and two hundred kilograms.
Five of the two under the field one catty to three hundred gang, there are ten three hundred and one catty
The last four hundred pounds, there are days; more than four hundred pounds, there are ice. Power
The average mu yield of these thirty counties and municipalities has reached 100 catties or more than 400 catties, which is a driving force for the public.
More than four hundred catties, is to drive the agricultural production of the province a great leap forward an important section.
important section.

According to the instructions of the Gansu Provincial Party Committee, the Department of Agriculture and Forestry, the Tianshui Local Committee
Zhangjiachuan and Yumen, Linxia, Slide source, Zhuanglang, Zhangjiachuan and other ten
five county committees and municipal committees, a rough inspection team was formed. From
May 21 to 30, to ten days, take a look, listen,
Day, Mang, than a thousand methods, heard the Zhangla area, Thamesia
Autonomous Prefecture and the fifteen counties and cities participating in the evaluation of the seal report, the field inspection of the Tianshui Prefecture of Su'an, Zhangjia, Qingshui, Tianshui, Tianshui City, Tianshui City, and Tianshui City.
Tianshui, Tianshui, Tianshui City, Li County, Prophecy and other seven counties and cities. In each county and city, we checked the first and second,
In each county and city, we inspected the top, middle, and bottom types of crops of the three types of lets and Jeondi and Tiandi; we inspected more than one dozen agricultural garlics and more than one hundred farmers; finally, we inspected the top, middle, and bottom types of crops in Za'an.
Finally, the evaluation was held in the town of Za County.

From the report, although some of the original yield was very low, and some counties suffered from freezing and drought in spring, the increase in production was recognized.
But the increase in production is planned to be done very well, as long as the earning prongs drum up enough dry stems, grasp the fingers of the implementation, the eyebrow is to achieve ten targets, ten points, two points bang Shi, fourteen points.
As long as we don't encounter any more major natural disasters, the 400 catty program can be completed in most counties and cities, and some of them will also be completed.
Can be accomplished, some will exceed. It is understood that, in these three - two king sale tools, outside the city, there are Kangle, Jinta County
May reach mu yield of four hundred pounds. That is, at present the most difficult Qin'an, Zhangchachuan, Qingshui and other counties in the province, as long as the mobilization of the masses, redouble their efforts to complete the program.
As long as the masses are mobilized and efforts are redoubled, it is still possible to complete the plan. In this way, we encourage them to struggle hard and take strong measures to complete the program.
We are encouraging them to struggle hard and take vigorous measures to complete the program. The Party has to make sure that the pigeons do not complete the 400 catties this year, but complete the 300 catties, 350 catties, and 300 catties.
If we finish the 300 catties, we will still be able to produce more than 300 catties, which is not a big deal.

What is very exciting is that the vast number of cadres and branded people in the three-twenty five counties and cities have been working for the past months to realize the plan of this genus.
Planning, by Tao plucked up the water conservancy, the water in the maintenance, accumulation of fertilizer and so on several climaxes, really into a winter, big and dry a spring, and do big Thames hard work.
We have done a lot of hard work and achieved remarkable results. Take to participate in the envy than the fifteen with, city to Yi. In 1957
Before 1957, it had water land - one and a half million acres of letters, last winter and this spring, the new year outside the four fold nine hundred thousand army, equivalent to the past

Issue 3 8T.

| The first is the first time in the history of the country.
The land has been irrigated with water for more than one year. At present there is still chest one-third of the labor force, in the Yongli, Yongqi
Keeping the war passes brown food hard work. Most of the area, Pupo did Lei Shi ten thousand pounds of fertilizer, some up to ten thousand pounds. Three
Ten thousand hall base to the next ten thousand pounds. In order to solve the problem of insufficient fertilizer, they thought of all kinds of ways to carry out a series of basic construction.
session, Mang and carried out each county to repair the square room, converted into 10,000 ant@ campaign. Hoon's repair of old houses not only solved part of the
The renovation of old residences not only solves some of the current material difficulties, but also improves the living conditions, carries out in-depth sanitation campaigns, and in some places, merges villages and relocates villages, thus freeing up space for the construction of new houses.
In some places, the merging of villages and the relocation of classes can also free up land for use. This is why they call it "four benefits in one go". In terms of farming, Pushao has planted a wide range of good seeds, and Pubin has used medicines and fungi.
Pushin has made it possible to select seeds with medicinal and fungal fertilizers, and practiced various new methods of dense planting, planting and set-planting. In particular, they are practicing forest
In particular, they practiced forest and grain cancer, and carried out the campaign of "Planting a Thousand of Beans in a Thousand of Melons", which was very successful. In terms of improving farming tools and implements, a lot of work has been done.
A lot of work has been done in improving farm tools and implements, and some counties have basically.... In some counties, the use of transport carts and high wires has been realized, and the use of step-plows for plowing has been realized.
The use of step plows for plowing has been realized. Since this year's April E sentence, the provincial party committee in the bed wave county public wheat field management meeting, each county mixed to carry out the inspection
Check envy than, chicken one, three kinds of rate crops have taken a lot of specific measures, phlegm and processing, a kind of WeiZhuangJia, one, three kinds of field
Reduced. Tianshui County wheat, before the meeting of a class of fields accounted for thirty-four percent, two types of a thirty-five percent; three types of field
After processing, one type of field accounted for five percent, two types of field accounted for thirty-three percent, and two types of field accounted for seventeen percent.
The first category of fields accounted for five to thirteen percent of the total, and the second category accounted for seventeen percent. In Bedrang County, before the meeting, one type of field accounted for 30%, two types of field accounted for 30%, and three types of field accounted for 13%.
Three types of fields accounted for 13 percent of the total, but after strengthening the management, one type of fields accounted for 10 percent of the total, two types of fields accounted for 30 percent, and this type of fields accounted for 5 percent.
The second type of field accounted for three percent of the total, and this type of field accounted for five percent. Similar examples are found in various fields. The current crop situation, small Kaopu Shaw grows well, and the preliminary estimate, Pingliang, Tianshui
Estimates, Pingliang, Tianshui and other counties average zuoyuan up to about 100 pounds, Dingxi and other plucking an average of about 170 pounds of southern output; Linxia, Zhangji and other counties may be
Linxia, Zhangji and other counties may reach an average window yield of about four ji hall, exceeding the yield of any year since liberation. Great Autumn
Crops are generally neat, young velvet strong, a few difficult to East and seedling sparse have been transplanted, replenishment and interplanting, most of the land
Most of the places have been hard to head source, some have switched a uranium. Quite a few places with fertilizer has been transported to the ground, some also in the edge of the ground.
Some of them have even made thin frozen pits at the edge of the ground and accumulated a large base of fertilizers. All counties Xu row autumn crop three water three fertilizer three steel, some are four water four fertilizer four uranium.
Water extinction zone wheat ding seven percent, made under the preparation for replanting, is now actively preparing fertilizers and bozhe said Shi. All this
All of this, for the completion or over completion of the transfer of production of four ji jin built a good foundation.

However, it was also found that some of the comrades of Yueguang had the impression of slackness and bureaucracy. They see the basically good
One on the aspect, ignoring the direction of the flood and thin Taiwan ring Zhi. Some comrades are satisfied with the advanced indicators, only to hear the report is very good.
Some comrades are satisfied with the advanced targets and only hear good reports, ignoring the phenomenon that some measures are not based on the body and some are not strong enough. Individuals and the whole guide comrades seem to forget the four hundred pounds.
Zhangjiachuan Xiaohe into this year's ten rows of military production of thousands of halls, but I a fellow Xu cadres counting, can only reach the people with one hundred and fifty-seven pounds.
Qin'an Jingyang Zhu three thousand South Bao Valley, fraudulent planning public irrigation thin and, but the next two months can accumulate thin stove can only be filled with more than 200
window. Similar situations are not isolated.

Back to the "chaos - a north with two bad dacheng end, strip days can make a fire to warm.
.38. 1958

| The first time I saw this was in 1958, when I was in the middle of a long journey.
In response to the above situation, we put forward the "victory in sight, in the courage to move forward, the Yan draft to do everything possible, and strive to over-completion of the
The first step in the process was to make a decision on the completion of the project, which was to be completed by the end of the year. The day of the number, the Changqi counties to do the following five things.

The first -, wide intention of the political hanging nuisance. Repeatedly to the Second Department and Wang Quan Yuan Wangqi, and strive to realize the 400 ping will have great political and economic significance.
significance and economic significance. This is not only because the four hundred pounds plan for these counties has been announced in the pseudo-provinces and principalities, but more importantly
This is not only because these counties and cities have already announced the 400 pounds program in the pseudo-provinces and principalities, but more importantly, these 320 counties and cities have realized the 400 pounds program, which will make "three years of yellow war change the appearance of Nonsu, six years of Hankud, realize the ten articles of agricultural migration.
The task of "ten articles of agricultural migration supervision" will be realized in advance, and the grain output of each province will reach an average of one kilogram per person this year, making the food situation richer.
This will make the food situation more affluent, and will make the dream of the autumn counting faction complete in front of our great victory to be shattered.
And all this is our most practical implementation of the General Line. Through these political and ideological programs, we will strengthen our hands
Through these political and ideological training programs, we will strengthen the war mentality of the ministries and the masses in committing food to the sky and sounding out the lights to the earth; we will overcome the negative mentality of waiting for the day to come and waiting for the day to come; we will break down superstitions; we will refuse to allow the majority of the ministries and the masses to be influenced by the general line.
Superstitions will be dispelled, and the wisdom and strength of the masses will be mobilized to work together for the realization of this goal.

First, grasp the letter wheat. Big fall crops, replanting and * hundred to and dry vegetables ten thousand beans? Four aspects, but the focus is on wheat and big
Fall crops. Small friends at present especially pay more attention to on preventing insects, preventing disease, preventing collapse: late stingy area also bone furnace grasp irrigation. Fertilizer.
In the area about to be harvested, this Pu force through the big defense to carry on a district land Zhan evaluation, evaluation of the real yield, the end of the straight thinking, owe harvesting
Cutting good, playing healthy good, distribution good and selecting good seeds to make full preparations. We should let the experience of small test production stick to the point and improve the station.
wear, in order to effectively do a good job of replanting and fall plowing work. Many counties have a large proportion of fall crops is very day, to ensure that the large fall crops are productive is the key to achieve the
The key to the realization of the SiZiJin. Therefore, the more Pu Po to three water, three fertilizer, three Bao, some Xianli each do four water, four fertilizer, four pots, wells.
All check good field cancer management, defense of various disasters basin effect.

Third, grasp the technological revolution and metaphysical revolution. Maple actively retraining and reforming the old agricultural only, old tools, Jiaoguang new agricultural tools,
New tools and tools are being used to realize the transportation of trucks and trucks in general. Through these, labor efficiency is improved, and wells are changed in the fields of farming, fertilizing, irrigation and so on,
Fertilizer application, irrigation and other aspects of the state of the continent. We should actively and rapidly realize biogasification, so that the public can widely use biogas for lighting,
The people will be able to use the biogas for lighting, for filtration, and for power, so as to save fuel and to add fertilizer. In this regard, the provincial party committee and the local material and
In this regard, the provincial party committee and the instructions of local manufacturing, utilizing substitutes, and realizing biogas, learns the practice of Tianshui foundation, and uses mixed bamboo, bamboo, etc. and simple lamps instead of gold lamps, which cost real money.
light head instead of the price of the real sound of the Jin Daye, rubber pipe and people Jin Yi light head, Li Zhen Qing Chuan, secondary stone, rubber mud instead of mesh reinforcement water mud.
Mud. At the same time, we should grasp the campaigns of eliminating women's propaganda and eliminating the four old men, but hygiene, and we should grasp the popularization of science and technology to make the science and culture of the majority of peasants more and more popular.
The popularization of science and technology should be emphasized, so that the scientific and cultural culture of the peasants can be improved at the same time as the agricultural progress.

Fourth, the full development of the labor force, the rational use of labor. This year, the tasks of domestic production and capital construction are very large.
This year, the tasks of industrial production and capital construction are both very large, so we must effectively organize labor, rationalize the use of labor, tap all labor potential, and eliminate all kinds of wasted labor.
The phenomenon of wasting labor will be eliminated. The Maple General 10th Kikuat team will specialize in water conservancy and taro conservation, and other production teams will share the work and support each other appropriately.
The other production teams divided the work appropriately and supported each other. The rural areas should have fewer market days (preferably one in seven days), popularize the three-tu-ho, establish nurseries or child-care centers, and popularize the use of the "mad group," which is a group of children who work in the rural areas.
They should promote the establishment of nurseries or child care centers, and promote the use of "mad bar" groups, laundry groups, "Riksan" and simple canteens to liberate and control women's labor potential.
This was done to liberate and control women's labor potential and to utilize the labor force of the elderly and Portuguese-speaking people. Since the summer harvest and replanting on a large scale began in some areas, agricultural work has become particularly difficult.

Issue 8 "39

| | | | | |
Rong tense She Nian, must carry out agricultural work queue, better arrangement of labor and Dili, the implementation of out of the district of Sichuan area of cooperation and cooperation, in order to heavy people to ensure a good harvest and planting.
with heavy people to ensure good harvesting and planting.

Fifth, improve the key guide style. Firmly out of the office, deep large practical, I out of advanced and backward typical, carry out the
. Can field than in the past, the practical use of grasping the two ends, drive the middle cause of the work method.

This area of the site series of investigation and evaluation, the exchange of driving experience, inspired by the idea, inspired the energy, criticized the officialism, Zhao
Into the production. During the meeting some comrades called their own organs, report to see the advanced things. Qin'an, Zhangjia
Failure and other places in the inspection and comparison group after the walk, Ji immediately carried out a mass comprehensive inspection apples-to-apples campaign. Especially
In some counties of Tianshui Prefecture, the Ministry of Yu and the masses only paid attention to the new things and studied the advanced duck attack of Japonism, and fully utilized the land and the power of the continent and developed a variety of hunting economy.
The practice of making full use of the land and developing various kinds of hunting economy was a great inspiration to the comrades in some areas.

" Sixty-seven members in 1955.

(The Chinese Communist Party of China, the head of the provincial party committee of Caosu Province)

We're going to build a new industry.

Residents of Guangzhou's central district are highly motivated to run their own industries.
They have changed their secretive viewpoint on running industries, and they are running street industries by creating essence and spirit.
Street industry. At present, the core area has already formulated the plan of running the industry, and
The district's "street industrialization office" (each street house
(each street has its own street industrialization office). The whole district has seen a boom in industrialization.
The whole district has witnessed a boom in industrialization and has been able to achieve a small degree of industrialization.

The residents of Cobalt City have a great material power, and they have accumulated a lot of stocks.
They have accumulated a lot of machines that can be put into use. It would be a good idea to capitalize on this
If this aspect of the extractive power is well developed, the number is quite considerable. Guangzhou City
Central District in Guangzhou City, in the first residents' committee of Baohua Zhu more than 500 households in the country.
More days on the acquisition of the Qing net iron six thousand five hundred and seventy-six catties, back to market
After melting and casting, can be coined into a double-fish plows more than one hundred and twenty. Collecting Compensation
The waste rubber wrestling can be made into 400 pairs of recycled shoes. In addition, there are important
important industrial raw materials to, Bao, Bao, a total of one hundred and fifty kilns and other sister
The company's products are also used to support the industry. In order to support the industry, everyone is working hard, and some women even have to work as
Some women even accompanied the matchmaker's Bao Fu case and "and daughter-in-law Luo" of "net money sword? Some residents sell their waste products at the same time.
Some residents in the sale of waste products at the same time, six intend to the sky culm of machine
The machine was put into production. An old man with 67 years of experience in the field wrote to his relatives to ask them to buy a machine.

and such.

The Bureau will hand over to her management -= more than ten right to open the ugly eight years of electric grain
The cloth machine martyr box government or as an investment. An expatriate remembers working with a friend to
voluntarily purchased a research hemp machine, also ready to discuss with friends to take out this
machine out. These facts recognize that; if the Chong family has a household all the household
Pinboat body, the people of the North useless for have put, to the development of street industry, will be more than
Hall of small positive planning.

In addition, the Central District is preparing to put the patriotism plague and industrial capitalization.
The work is done well. This is an important aspect of the residents' support for the industry.
A quarter of the housewives in the city's Waring Street have joined the Patriotic Reserve.
The patriotic reserve. The public district has launched the Overseas Chinese Terrorist and Returned Overseas Chinese Investment in South China's Industrial and Agricultural Production
The action of investing in industrial and agricultural production in the commune started as early as June this year, and is expected to raise 310,000 yuan by June.
It is expected that 310,000 yuan will be raised by June.

The Central District has decided to organize various kinds of production workshops in each street.
Some of them are small processing workshops and some streets are also equipped with machinery or other equipment to produce small and medium-sized products.
Some of them are small processing workshops, while some streets are also equipped with machinery or medium-sized machinery, and are equipped with housing and dams,

 Tools and funds were provided by the residents themselves, and production, supply and marketing were managed by the residents themselves.

Before the end of the year, the leaders of the Central District had identified the following production paths.
The following are some of the areas in which the current production and self-help efforts of the residents of the Central District are based.
In 1958

The people a station <m six within the wart and Luo Jiang attack four all class f

| | | | | | |
The production program.

Labor) to the processing of products. Such as the use of scrap metal to make a map
Calcium, calcium, crushed Liuyi back to the Tan system of disease and so on.

2) Processing for factories or handicrafts. For example, for the official factory network
For example, to make cables for factories, to weld electric cables for factories, to make leather and short books for printing factories, and so on.
This is the case for the printing factory to load leather, short books, etc.

(3) Processing agricultural products, handicrafts, and other miscellaneous goods for the export sector.
(3) Processing agricultural products, handicrafts, and other miscellaneous goods for the export sector.

(When the industrial or handicraft sector has a tight production schedule and is unable to produce the basic part of its output, street industries take over this part of the production.
When the industrial or handicraft sector is not able to produce the basic part of products due to the tight production schedule, the street industry is responsible for this part of the production.
(b) To process agricultural products, handicrafts and other local miscellaneous goods for the export sector.

(5) Where the supply of raw materials permits and where there is a shortage of raw materials and technological capacity, the street industry may take over the production of the basic part of the product.

More

The Government should also make products that are not available in the market, subject to the availability of raw materials and technological capabilities.

6 ) Production of services to the public. According to a survey conducted in the district, there are eighty machines in one street.
check, there are eighty brownstones on one street, many of which can be
Many of them are produced on the streets of Chihuahua. The Central District is prepared to turn over to the production units in the streets of Hugh's district and Fiberglass House for the production of machines.
cloth to the production units in the streets, splicing and selling them cheaply.
In addition, we are doing home improvement, home furnishing, and home improvement work. In addition, we are doing home beautification,
Meal delivery and other service activities for the convenience of the workers are also carried out.

After the development of the street industry, there will be a new trend of everyone loving labor and every family engaging in production.
After the development of street industries, there will be a new atmosphere of everyone loving labor and every family engaging in production, and the residents can also increase their income and improve their livelihood.
days and improve their livelihoods; some households in difficulty, which are better off than those rescued by the government, will gradually become self-supporting.
Some difficult households, which are more difficult than those saved by the government, will also be able to produce their own food gradually.

The government will be able to help the needy families to become self-supporting in production.

The first and second issues of this magazine were proofread with some carelessness. The following corrections have been made.

First, the first issue, Comrade Mao Zedong's "help a cooperative into? In the text, the third line of the fourth page, * has been filial piety
The third line of the fourth page of the text, * has been honored", is "has been loi Putian used" and, should Lu delete the word "*".

In the second issue of the paper "Two ways to cure water cancer", on the first page, in the third line, the words "thirty years" and "thirty years" are used.

The "3.2 billion gangs" should read

A young man has converted a uranium machine into a tractor. In the text, on the thirtieth
In the text, in the thirtieth line, the words "the grass" should be replaced by "the whole chapter". should be replaced by "the whole chapter".
Fourth, second issue, Feng Yi to comrade's * to find the table source, digging potential, do a good job in the rural areas of the kill purchase * text, third day line, "the Ministry of the law" should be changed to "the whole chapter?

In the first line of the tenth day's page, "more than ten tons" should read "more than one hundred thousand tons".

V. In the second issue, the second page of the *Kaiyi song" in the "as if attacking the Yuganling * sentence, there are all of them light letter Tilu collected for the

The phrase "as if fighting at Shangganling" should be changed to "as if fighting at Shangganling".

~I think it should be changed this way.

I'm sorry. Ji.

| |



