|Acid Han Name Full Record Base Sandlin Public Relations Kaji Nagamoto

HEONGOI

Quantity: 4z
4z Yes

Sponsored by the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China

Second issue of the "Year of 1955

The "Second Issue" of the program "On

Eradication of superstition and uranium (1)
Two routes to the water problem es Benshia (5)
Curse of the State for Modern Revisionist Reaction pp Wang Zhouxiang (9)
U.S. Imperialism in Yugoslavia: The Gift of Ben Sang and Da (17)
The sick tree is in front of ten thousand springs, and the tree is alive, alive, alive, alive, alive, alive, alive, alive, alive, alive, Hu Qiaomu (20)
Hydroelectricity and electric power combine, and industry blossoms in the countryside Park and Jang Si Ru (33)
Each person's seven-minute plot of land can be a source of income, and the land can be a source of wealth and prosperity.
Farming tools are new, and production is booming.
A young farmer converted a diesel engine into a tapping machine pe from Yun (383)
Finding sources, controlling Wenli, and doing a good job of procurement in the countryside material a technology (
Five training mountain into a mountain of gathering treasure 1 Wang feed three (38)
The first time I saw the 8S77, I was able to see the 8S77, which is the most important of the 8S77.

The people's livelihoods have been improved by the introduction of the "8" program.)

The people on the mountain were able to pe 8)

Song of Cheji on the Yangtze River and the Yellow River pe (8)

Neck Against Return ee ee (26)

| | | | | | |
Break the mystery
Model

Comrade Zayandon told us. The certainty of the page breaks the light borrowing.
Now, every part of our country, leaps forward. Breaking the myths from for the outside in

Hidden.

has a great effect.

Anything that Master Quan does not actually exist in total, or beliefs about something that do not correspond to its teary situation
auspicious, are all superstitions. When people are mesmerized, they regard such things as the authority of God and cannot be violated, but the most common occurrence in the West is that the authority becomes a laughing stock.
But the most common Westernization of the world has made authority a laughing stock. For example, the ancient Li: "The circle of the same color dragon, cobalt four off? Niangke also
But also shanghai sometimes pass, and do not go to the house. Turtle is often fart. The people of the Shang Dynasty and the Chih-Chih Dynasty had a hard time with the idea that tin was a god that could foretell, and if there was something big or suspicious, they always had to spy on it.
Things doubtful, always have to spy maoji bitter it to make a decision. Later on, the development of the Society, the people of the natural world of Sanjiu improved, know that
You are a poisonous thing, and you can plow through it with a great deal of power. The knowledge of the world can turn a thing into a "god", and the knowledge of such a "god" can turn a thing into a "god", and the knowledge of such a "god" can turn a thing into a "god". The knowledge of this "and godly thing" can restore it to its original form.
Spring. It can be concluded that the objects of the beasts of many fascinations will become as ridiculous as the tortoise in the face of science.

The knowledge and integration of the class is basically no more than the knowledge and training of production, such as fighting, and the knowledge and training of rank and corner fighting. Through the laboring masses in the production fights
Through the practice of the laboring masses in the production struggle and the class struggle, and through the combination of these practices, human beings accumulate knowledge of the laws of nature and the laws of social life one by one.
Through these practices, human beings gradually accumulated knowledge about the laws of nature and the laws of social life. With the development of modern industrial production, the natural sciences (including technical sciences) have developed greatly.
However, in the age of capitalism, the bourgeoisie was not able to realize its own ideas. However, in the age of Liebenstein, the bourgeois scholars did not recognize the scientific knowledge of the masses and tried to erase it.
They also tried to erase and trivialize it. The great proletarian revolutionaries, Marx and Wiggs, summarized the most important knowledge available to mankind at that time and established a dialectical approach to scientific knowledge.
The great proletarian revolutionaries Marx and Wiggs established the world view of dialectical materialism and materialism, and thus set up the correct science of the world. The proletariat
The proletariat took on the laws of social development pointed out by the worldview of Marxism and Axialism, and fought on their own.
This has greatly promoted the development of the revolutionary cause of the proletariat and has helped the proletariat to achieve great victories, which will in turn lead to worldwide victories.
will in turn achieve victory on a world-wide scale.

Armed with Marxism, the Chinese proletariat has been able to expose imperialism, feudalism and capitalism as untenable and untenable.
imperialism, feudalism, and capitalism, which are untenable "species", and threw them into the garbage heap. But within the ranks of the proletariat
However, there are still people in the ranks of the proletariat who have a flighty attitude toward the paralyzed proletarian intellectuals. This superstition must be dispelled before China's proletariat
China's proletariat can only be fully liberated spiritually.

| | | | | | | | |
Here, let's take a brief look at the situation of the proletariat and the proletariat in China in the ideological and cultural warfare.
The situation of the proletariat and the proletariat in China in the war of ideas and culture. The proletarian vanguard has the Perestroika and the science of the society, whereas the bourgeoisie tries to use abracadabra, metaphysics, and the science of the world to promote their ideology and culture.
The bourgeoisie tries to counteract this with a blasphemy, with metaphysics, with some tattered sociological evidence. The fact is that, in philosophy and social science, the proletariat has already been able to counteract this.
The fact is that in philosophy and social science, although the proletariat still has the task of restoring the proletariat, the advantage of the proletariat is on the side of the proletariat, and there is no doubt about it.
There is no doubt about it. When it comes to the natural sciences, the situation is somewhat different. This is because the proletariat is first and foremost a concentrated
Because the proletariat is first of all concentrating its efforts on the fight for life, it has not been able to fully grasp the knowledge of the natural sciences, which has been rapidly developing in modern times.
The proletariat is not as well versed in the natural sciences, which have developed rapidly in modern times. Many intellectuals of bourgeois origin or standing on the bourgeois side have acquired a great deal of knowledge in this field.
Many intellectuals of bourgeois origin or standing on the bourgeois side have acquired a lot of knowledge in this area. However, they tended to deviate from the practice of production, either utilizing the natural sciences in accordance with the interests of the bourgeoisie, or applying them in the way they wanted to.
They either utilize natural science in accordance with the interests of the bourgeoisie, or they adopt idealistic views and metaphysical methods in natural science, thus limiting its proper functioning.
The natural sciences have been limited in their proper functioning. The proletariat, which has gained power and is constructing socialism, must fully grasp and make full use of the natural sciences.
We must fully grasp and fully utilize all the knowledge of the natural sciences, eliminate the bourgeois idealistic viewpoints that are deeply rooted in the natural sciences, and enable the natural sciences to play an important role in the production of goods and services.
We must eliminate the bourgeois idealist views on natural sciences, so that natural sciences can be developed in the best possible way in the hands of the proletariat and the people.

Many proletarian revolutionary cadres, because of their long period of extremely brutal class performance, have little knowledge of the natural sciences, and it is not surprising that they have not been able to realize the importance of the natural sciences to the people.
This is not surprising. It is not surprising that the sub-proletariat's laughing stock of intellectuals, with their time and conditions, have gained some knowledge of the book.
The world is not surprising. Since the founding of the People's Republic of China, it has begun to carry out its great cause of construction. And the revolution in
In the new workplace, the Ministry of the Party to take on the heavy task, it is natural to feel that their knowledge is not to cope with the objective needs.
They felt that their knowledge was not enough to cope with the objective needs, and that they needed to learn wisdom. However, some of them have too low an opinion of themselves and feel self-conscious. They tend to look down on those who have been studying for many years.
They tend to look up to and fetishize those who have been teaching mathematics for many years, not realizing that we should take an analytical approach to everything, and that we should do the same with scholars of mathematics.
We should take an analytical approach to everything, and we should do the same for the scholars of mathematics. The intellectuals who have real knowledge and the intellectuals who only have a false reputation should be distinguished.
The difference should be made between the intellectuals who have real knowledge and the intellectuals who have only a name. At the same time, the former should be properly evaluated, and we should help them to progress.

The Chinese bourgeois intellectuals, represented by the scholars, professors and engineers, are under the historical conditions of China.
Most of them are patriotic. With the development and victory of the Chinese revolution, many of them have undergone self-transformation in terms of politics and ideology.
Many of them reformed themselves and turned to socialism, the proletariat and the laborers were in harmony with each other, and some of them became
Some of them have become socialists. They are able to use their knowledge and abilities for socialism. For the construction of the great hunter-gatherer
They have contributed and will contribute more in the future to the construction of the great hunter-gatherer economy. They support the proletarian
guidance, working hard to learn from the masses, and the proletariat also valued the knowledge and labor of all. There are still many who are still in the Wawa Committee but
most of them will have to follow the proletariat and the working masses sooner or later. In addition, a small number of
of the people are the solidarity activists. It is often these stubborn elements who pretend to be the target of Bo's letter and are pleased with themselves.
They are often these stubborn elements.

There are some stubborn mathematicians who are always insisting on the truth and deviating from the reality in order to oppose Marxism. He has been labeled as a "rationalist and aquarist".
He is a "rational and Kwai family" and refuses to connect with reality. He refused to link with reality, as if linking with reality would jeopardize the dignity of "rationality and koi". During the Warring States period, there was a man named

In the Warring States period, there was a man who was called "Qi" (起)2 .                                                           The year 958

| | | | | | | |

The king of Zhao was fascinated by Zhao Kuo, who led the troops to war, and he was more skillful than his father, Zhao Gang, in military management.
The 600,000 Zhao soldiers were good chopsticks. Can't fight in the battle of the matter of the answer to what is the cross-checking called Li Kwai? A science that cannot be related to reality is not
Science that can't relate to reality isn't "the same"! If you don't make contact with reality, it is considered to be strict, but if you do, it is difficult to be on the spot. Opposing the connection with reality means
Not to face up to the reality of the current revolution, the enterprise circle is negative to the reality of Hangzhou. It is a bad idea to emphasize the present over the past.
The current trend of emphasizing the present over the past has absolutely destroyed it. Worshipping the capitalist countries, especially the United States, is another yang.
It is another yang. Obviously, in a situation where the East is overpowering the West, this partition is also bound to be destroyed.
Certain intellectuals who do not have much ability in the first place claim that they have too much talent and are not able to utilize it to the fullest, and therefore they do not show what they are good at.
In fact, this is their true nature. In fact, this is the true color of the city, and should not be lightly believed. These markets can be categorized into three forms. One is to accumulate the odd
This kind of person has some specialties, but he or she is a self-starter. This kind of people have some specialties, but they think that they can get the odd one out, and they are looking for fame and profit, and there is no sound, and the selling price is already far more than the real price.
The selling price has far exceeded the actual price, but still want to get a higher price. They want to get a higher price even though the price is already much higher than the actual price. Another kind of person is the one who sells skin cancer. This kind of person has some goods.
This kind of people have some goods, not inferior to the wangjiqi seven of the dog skin oligo, pointed not only vapor self-awareness, and see other goods do not fit the standard of the sole skin some, then the village pointing fingers.
The first time, then the village pointing fingers. The characteristics of the program are not only self-awareness, but also the ability to criticize other goods that do not meet the standards. The first big kind is to buy windows and sell macros. This kind of people hands treasure Han, nothing
This kind of person has nothing to offer, but he or she pretends to be a housekeeper, but in fact is only a housekeeper of a crane head. Its characteristics ah do Zhao. "The outsider
The "outsiders can't guide the insiders" is mostly shouted out by these three kinds of people. I can't help but ask, "What kind of insider is selling dog skin?
What kind of insiders are those who buy and sell pants?9 Those who are in a state of shame may know something about their profession and are not known as insiders in these professions, but they are only small insiders, kai yu yu yu yu.
But this is only a small insider, a Kaiyu insider. The proletarian Party and the people's government are leading the construction of the country on such a large scale and with such outstanding achievements.
The Party and the People's Government of the proletariat are leading the construction of the country's information surface on such a peaceful scale and with such outstanding achievements. The two types of insiders are compared to each other, just as a bucket is compared to the sea.
The price of each department's guide, as long as in Yuexing the party and the government's guidelines and policies, the good ZiYi baking people's knowledge of the attacker experience, good at learning to guide business, bud ear, and so on.
Good at learning to guide the business, bud ear make the business and the government to continue with the Ru, that is, the connoisseur's inclination. According to the test method of that big kind of people, it is like
It's like asking the band to put away the finger stick, to pull the small lift up the sky, to do the big out of the bla; to give up the hyper to discuss the containment part, the sky to open the organ
The first thing you need to do is to open up the machine and add tanks. What a great request! As the saying goes, "A layman can't guide a layman? This is the same as the bourgeoisie's opposition to the proletariat.
The bourgeoisie is opposed to the proletariat's suppression. It is precisely because we are politically insiders that we are not allowed to be greedy or to be greedy at all.
The fact that we are all political insiders, that the greedy are not allowed to pay, that the ambitious are not allowed to circulate, that Mr. Nanguo is allowed to make up the numbers, is what makes him so anxious to get some unexpected benefits.
The first thing I'd like to say is that I don't know what to expect. We have an easy way to deal with the tricks of the imitators, An and Ma.
We've got an easy way to deal with the imitation, anne, and horse tricks. Only in this way can superstition be broken down, and the work of uniting/nurturing and reforming the old intellectuals be carried out effectively.
be carried out effectively.
Another way to dispel superstition is to break the pincer movement of science. We believe that in order to learn the science of the villages, we must learn the science of nature.
We have to learn the natural sciences. With practical experience, both social and natural sciences can be learned.
It is possible to learn both social sciences and natural sciences well. Nowadays, there are many favorable conditions for learning natural sciences. Learning the advanced science and technology of the USSR can
We can learn from the advanced science and technology of the USSR, so that we will not have to go through such a difficult path. The Party and the government have vigorously promoted natural sciences, set up various specialized schools, and published a large number of scientific journals.
The Party and the government vigorously promoted natural science, established various specialized schools, published large scientific publications, and created favorable conditions for the study of natural science. The scientific community has definitely begun to form a large team.
The scientific community has definitely begun to form a large team, which is now in its second phase 3.

| The scientific community has begun to form a large group of
Among them there were a large number of young scientists, those who had been transferred from the revolutionary cadres and had acquired business knowledge in practice, those who had come from the old society, and those who had been trained in the field of science and technology.
There were also scientists who came from the old society, who had changed their jobs and served the people, and those who loved science and conducted research in their spare time.
There are also scientists who love science and conduct research in their spare time. Although this team is still to be developed, the fact that there are so many people and so much power is obvious.
It is obvious. As long as one is willing to learn, there are teachers everywhere. In the Qinbenist society, science is often monopolized by a handful of people, just like the art of alchemy, which is so elusive!
It's elusive! In the Socialist Bamboo Society, science is common to the masses, like a common household meal, and can be learned by all.

"Another aspect of breaking up superstition is to break up the Luling view of books and gurus. Practice is the root of all scientific knowledge.
Practice is the root of all scientific knowledge, and new principles, new standards, and new to be happy constantly emerge from practice. The old principles, standards, and
The old principles, standards, and practices that have been taught in the book will have to be continually created, so that the latest knowledge will soon become backward knowledge.
In the final analysis, it is necessary to learn from the book, but one must not be obsessed with it, for if one is obsessed with it, the book will become an object of superstition, which will hinder the progress of the cause.
The advancement of the cause will be hindered. We should learn from the learned and worthy masters of science, and we must also learn from the masses.
We must also learn from the masses. In ancient China, great inventions such as the manufacture of consumables, printing, gunpowder, and the compass were all made by the unknown masses.

In that case, the books and the big mussels have become fascinating objects, which can only restrict the development of people's thoughts.

The scientists who mystify science, who mystify books and masters, are wrong. The proletariat and the chi
The proletariat and the masses should endeavor to dispel these myths, not only bravely mastering Marxist philosophy and the social sciences, but also boldly taking charge of the natural sciences.
The proletariat and the masses should endeavor to dispel these myths. We must master all the useful knowledge accumulated in the history of mankind, so that all the sciences can be fully developed, and all the obstacles to the development of the sciences can be eliminated.
We will master all the useful knowledge accumulated in the history of mankind, so that all the sciences can be fully developed and all the superstitious views that hinder development can be eliminated under the influence of science and the mass movement.

The masses of the people were transformed under the guidance of the Party. Six hundred million people were on the road to building a new society and socialism.
The Great Leap Forward. Some people were not sufficiently aware of the dangers of superstition in the past, but after Mao Tandong's repeated instructions, their vigilance was heightened.
They have also raised their vigilance. Hongminzu history Chuanfang relationship, superstition was originally turned more, since the transformation of the Communist Party into a collective peasant to Mei, the idea of
Ideology has fundamentally changed. Comrade Zhou Yang in the * box flag? published in the first issue of the Xuanzhang, quoted a peasant's poem from Ankang County, Shaanxi Province.
A peasant in Ankang County, Shaanxi Province, quoted from a poem: "There is no Emperor Mae in heaven, and there is no Dragon King on earth; I am the Jade Emperor, I am the Dragon King, and I drink from the three mountains and the heavenly mountain ranges.
I am water." In the era of superstition, to the Jade Emperor and the Dragon King, such a great authority, the cone dares to bin a word of no. More in it, the great authority of the Jade Emperor and the Dragon King. What's more, the big
The shadow of the big authority can't even be seen. The "I" in Yirihua is naturally a general term for the peasants and the masses.
Once the people have become the masters of society, what a noble and noble spirit they have! We are more interested in creating a new life and building a new world.
We are creating a new life and building a new world, and we should have this kind of spirit, this kind of fear.

People 958

| | | | | | | |
Two strands of the way to cure the water problem
Hoi Hei Tsuen

In the first year of the liberation of the country, Comrade Mao Zedong instructed us on the issue of the Huaihe River: "We must fix the Huaihe River," but at the same time, he also said, "We must make significant achievements in this center within a few years.
At the same time, he also said, "We should take this as the center of our efforts and try to make significant achievements within a few years. According to our current experience, we would like to ask
"We must fix the Huaihe River". The first thing we need to do is to do a better job of it. We will make significant achievements in a few years," he said. I'm sorry.
is park, blue do it faster.

At that time, many of our comrades working in Anhui had a poor understanding of Comrade Mao Zedong's instructions, and only understood that the task was an honorable one.
We only realized that the task was glorious, but we did not understand the difficulty of the task. We were very enthusiastic, but we had very few solutions.

The eyebrows for the quasi drink restoration, big and tall cultivation thick, the river channel under the small organization, wither do with a whip false project can solve the problem. The problem can be solved with a whiplash project,

After a few years, disasters still keep occurring, not only heavy rains become disasters, but also small sections of the ministerial disaster. This situation has made us feel deeply that "the problem is not just a problem of heavy rain but also a problem of small-scale disasters.
This situation made us deeply feel the difficulty that "what is not binding is forcing us to do it". But we were discouraged. But we were not discouraged.
These difficulties prompted us to study the questions of "can we cure the Huaihe River", "can we cure the Huaihe River quickly", and "can we cure the Huaihe River in a more economical way? "Can the Huaihe River be healed faster and more economically?
We were urged to find ways to solve these problems. However, some people have been moved in the face of these difficulties and have developed many incorrect ideas.
However, some people have been moved by these difficulties and have developed many incorrect attitudes. Some people think that although the Huaihe River can be good, but the central government has answered too few gills and asked for too much time.
time is too kettle, "and want the horse in the fast, but also want to bureau children do not eat grass? Can not be done; some of the descent floods can be Luo good.
Inner Bo can not be cured, Feng's to this doubt that the Huaihe River can be cured, they cited the history of the Qing and Ming Dynasties Sha a Huaihe River to
They cite the history of the Huaihe River in the Qing and Ming dynasties to illustrate their point of view. Some of them even complained that they had spent too much time on the treatment of the Huai River, and that they were not in the way of the "sand".
The river is on the start of the next can not belong to", "Shaoxing do not know how much to spend on plating, I do not know how many years and months to be cured".

Now, this approach to the Huaihuai River has basically been solved. The facts of the past few years, especially
Is last winter and this spring set off by the water conservancy interesting set up climax, ministers clear the Huaihe River not only can corner good, and can use the money to spend less,
The faster the harvest, the better it will be.

From the number of projects. From October last year to April this year, only seven months time, Fu province has completed water conservancy project 5.4 billion Wangfang, teeth before the collection of water.
Fourteen hundred and forty million wangfang, teeth before the harvest can be completed days of one billion wangfang, equal to the past eight years to complete the sum of four times the square. Among them, Hong Kong North
has done thirty-three billion earth squares, before the summer harvest can be completed thirty trillion earth squares, equal to the bath of the North in the past eight years to complete the total sum of Shi Fang seven times.
The total number of cubic meters completed in the past eight years is seven times as much. From the labor rate, in the past, the civil workers in Huaibei only did 1.7 square, and Han Dongkai Gu did 3.0 and square, but now, due to the promotion of improved tools for transporting the soldiers, they have been able to complete the work of the government in the past eight years.
Nowadays, due to the popularization of improved tools for transporting soldiers, the average number of soldiers taken in Shamjun has reached ten, and the average number of soldiers taken in some counties is as high as fourteen. From the flower
The 2nd issue. The average number of square meters was 10, and the average number of square meters in some counties was 14.

| The average number of square kilometers was as high as fourteen in some counties.
9

In terms of the amount of money, in the past, the average cost of each bamboo square of work was $300 too 14, and the cost of each blue square of water village was $290.
But now the cost of the project, including bridges, washing holes, bucket stations, tools, political species of rice and technicians and laborers, etc. about the cost, only two dollars and thirty cents for each in Fangshi, only two dollars and thirty cents for each in Fangshi.
The cost of the current project, including the bridge, the washing hole, the bucket station, the tools, the rice planting, and the laborers, is only two dollars and thirty cents per year, which is only one hundred and fifty percent of what it used to be.
You for the past one hundred and sixty percent. From the quality of the works, the vast majority of them are up to standard, and some of the drums are poor.
The quality of the project has been improved after inspection and renovation. In particular, we can see the benefits of several projects from the aspect of engineering Jideng. Because every rose
A party of water, the year can play a role, so irrigation Zhejiang area to expand 17 million mu, equal to the history of thousands of years since the
The total area of irrigation and Zhejiang is equal to 70% of the total area in thousands of years in history. Therefore, only the province can increase the production of grain by 4.5 billion jin, of which 3.2 billion jin is in Huaibei.
As a result, the province alone could increase grain production by 4.5 billion jin, of which 3.2 billion jin were produced in Huaibei.3 Only by switching to the cultivation of water horror, production could be increased by 3.2 billion jin, of which 1.7 billion jin were produced in Huaibei.)

Based on the wild experience of water conservancy construction in the last winter and spring, we formulated a three-year plan to eradicate floods and droughts in the northern part of Hong Kong. This plan calls for a three-year plan to eradicate drought and flooding in the northern part of the city.
The plan calls for the elimination of drought and floods even when the rainfall reaches a record high of 300 to 19 days of arsenic.
Floods. In order to realize this demand, we will have to carry out additional projects to stop upstream flooding, but the most important thing is to build at least one flood prevention project in each square kilometer area.
Every square kilometer area, do at least two hundred and fifty thousand shifang ditch billion project, so that the whole Xiaobei into a water network area and the
rice area. In this way, a total of nine to ten billion square meters of earthwork will be done in three years in Gonghuibei. After this plan is realized, if it rains an average of four ice cubes in ten
When this plan is realized, if it rains on average four ice cubic meters of water in ten days (a total of 14 billion cubic meters of water), in addition to the water from the ditches and polders, the water will penetrate and flow out of the area.
In addition to the water from the ditches and polders, the water that needs to flow out of the city will be only 300 million cubic meters, and in ten days the average water base will be only 350 second cubic meters, which is more than the amount of water that needed to flow out of the city in the past years of heavy floods.
This is 30 times less than the amount of water that needs to flow out of the river in the past years of heavy floods, which means that the flash volume of the Huaihe River is more than enough to enter the river. If the water flow is lower than the average flow in the past years, it will be lower than the flow in the past years.
If the river is under 400 meters, in addition to bowing, infiltration and reading, the water that needs to flow out will only be 10 million meters per day, discharged in 10 days.
There are only one thousand eight hundred and fifty second cubic meters per day, which the Huaihe River can afford. Therefore, after the completion of these projects, the Huaihe River will be able to afford it.
Therefore, after the completion of these projects, the Huaihe River can be basically relieved of flooding when there is more rainfall than in 1954. Moreover, after the completion of the water network project, it is possible to change the planting of
The 27 million tonnes of water (equal to the existing area of water boats in the two provinces) can be used to irrigate the entire cultivated land of Huaibei, and the drought can be basically relieved.
relief from the drought. At that time, Huaibei's stove food production will not be five hundred pounds per ray, but lose a hundred pounds, or even a pound, will be the same as the Yangtze River.
Jiangji Cake. The slogan of turning Huaibei into Jiangnan will be realized in a few years. Now the people of Guangbei are singing with confidence.
The plains of Huaibei have changed, the earth is bound with the spider web of the master, the land is yellow in the year of law, but this year, the label spits out the fragrance of the flowers, the hat of the disaster area will fall soon, and the beautiful name will be changed.
The hat of the disaster area will soon fall off and be replaced by the beautiful name of "Chopsticks and Rice".

Why in the past years, the speed of Huaihe River treatment was not fast, and the effect of the treatment was not very remarkable?9 The main reason is that the Sha
The main reason is that the two kinds of problems of the Huaihe River have been solved. On the buy side, that is to say, the method of more fast and good saving bureau
The method of less speed and less paralysis has been solved. For a long period of time, these two kinds of ideas and two kinds of methods have been focused on the following six problems
In the following six issues F.

First, whether the masses or the government should be the mainstay. One way of thinking is to rely on the masses as the mainstay, with the support of the government. The other
People with this kind of thinking do not believe in the power and wisdom of the masses and do not regard the task of ruling the Huaihuai as a task of the masses, but advocate that the government should do it all.
Instead, they advocated that the government should take care of the task# and even abolished the original organizations for the control of the Huaihu, dissolved all kinds of civilian laborers for the control of the Huaihu, and made the government support the task of the control of the Huaihu.

The government even abolished all the original organizations for the control of the Huaihu, disbanded all the ordinary civilian laborers, and established a new government.                                          The government even abolished all the original organizations and disbanded all the civilian laborers in the Huaihu region.

Measurement

| The following is a summary of the work carried out in the past three years.

The establishment of the Institute to go fine engineering team, the establishment of the nature of the direct subordinate to the rule of Huaihuai organs of the Nongchang Water Conservancy Division. This kind of practice of leaving the wolves, of course, it is impossible to develop the strength and enthusiasm of the wolves.
Of course, it is not possible to develop the strength and enthusiasm of the wolves, and it is not possible to drum up the dry movement, and strive for the upper reaches of the river.

First, small or large-scale. One way of thinking is to advocate small-scale as the mainstay and large-scale as a supplement. Those who hold another
The people who hold another kind of thought do not believe in the masses, and of course, they do not engage in small-scale projects, and they also restrict small-scale projects. They
For the sake of sweeping a mouthful of water, opening a ditch will be bad for the water, and will cause floods, because they have tied up the water conservancy projects of the masses with the band.
They have tied up the mass water conservancy projects. Some of these people have declared that they want to carry out large-scale projects, thinking that large-scale projects are very useful and can solve problems.
Why doesn't he pay attention to or ignore the simple truth that small-scale projects are the most cost-effective and least expensive projects?
Coins and accumulation of small into big, accumulation of small into many, do a lot of small projects, in fact, is also to do the biggest large-scale projects.
Open such as last winter and spring to do more than five billion Shi Shi Fang project, can be more than three billion cubic meters of water storage, can be converted to rice more than seven million mu, the amount of water and the light of the project.
Mu, the amount of water and light zhe effect bush are greatly more than any of the large-scale projects done over the years.

Third, trailing water is mainly or negotiate water is mainly. One idea is to advocate more and less drainage, and advocate in the vast ground on the
Blue water. Suppressing another kind of thought, although verbally handle the tears into the chips, in fact, the whole practice is more leakage less, in order to
The main purpose is to drain water. He Bai only tears in the valleys and depressions rose water, the spirit of the plains for the impossible rose water, the spirit of the ditch dug ponds, replanting
The water volume of the water boat is not big, do not agree or not heavy each in the plains rose water. Children's years in the townships and townships, counties and counties, provinces and provinces of the
Half because of the Weifang water dull problem, off there is not so good this year long, because of the emphasis on the water, the various regions of each other and the powder of profit
also greatly reduced.

Fourth, visit the flood and rule the problem of the phase of the car together. One idea is to firmly advocate the prevention of the station must be combined with the control of the continent phase and, because the
For the rule of Bo not only can overcome the annual continual Chau, drought disaster, to ensure a good harvest, and algae swim six water, but also be able to reduce the Wangfang
water threat. Those who held another kind of thought were confined to entering the flood to protect Tan, Xian for as long as the big Tan is not broken, even if the rule of Huaihuai was completed.
Tasks; items to such as the more governance Bo Xu floods, the greater the Tan defense is more dangerous. Because their jiezhou view is to rise east-oriented

Fifth, along the water and the harvesting of seeds with a fine combination of reading questions. A thought is now for the water treatment is to go to disaster increase production: the former increase in production
It is necessary to change the capsule, the collection of seed Xu can use the crop's sex clothes to resist disasters, but also can use the polder field borders with the water, the Mang firmly advocate the combination of the two.
The combination of the two is strongly advocated. The person who holds another kind of commission is only treating water for the sake of treating water, because he is not interested in making mass small-scale projects, and he will not be able to change the seed and the water.
Of course, he would not be able to combine reforestation with water treatment.

Sixthly, the problem of the commander-in-chief of governance. One way of thinking is to advocate politics as a means of combining politics and business. The other idea is that the political and business should be integrated.
The person who holds another kind of thought is one-sidedly advocating business and neglecting politics, so that the business unit is like the leader of politics. He emphasizes on material rewards and does not offer political rewards to the public.
He is all into strong material rewards and does not carry out political work and ideological work to the Luo people; as if the algae can only be guided by the technical experts and does not need the guidance of the Party.
It is as if algae can only be guided by technical experts and not by the Party.          The

The above problems are the result of two problems: one is the problem of cooperation and the other is the problem of mutual cooperation.
The other is the issue of mutual cooperation. The purpose of the correct intention of the Chinese and Lu training intention is to spend less money to collect a few dollars, sand and water to protect the income. This is the problem.

This is the second issue.

| The second phase of the project is the one that will be the most important.
This is the second issue of the Falling Water issue, a two-pronged attack. Before last fall, because we did not raise this fight to the guideline and road line.
Before last fall, because we had not raised this fight to the level of a guideline and a road, we had not been able to carry out a wide-ranging critique of Lu Xiang's opinion, and we had not been able to carry out Mao Miaodong's instructions on the basis of ruling the Huaihe River.
The instructions based on the Zhiwei's rule over the Huaihuai were not properly carried out.

Now that the problem is clear, the right and wrong types are clarified, the method is right, and the suppressed enthusiasm of the masses is brought into full play.
The whole project has been greatly accelerated. The whole project has been greatly accelerated, and the amount of service has been greatly improved. The people along the quasi-project sang like this "Past
In the past, the people sang, "In the past, we were in the border station of Zhunli, but this year, we are in the border station of Huaihuai." In the past, we were in the border station of Zhunli, but this year, we are in the border station of Huaihuai.

"In the past, we had three or five visitors, but now we've reached 13," they said.
In the past, the river was ruled over ten times, but this year it's the same as this year." This popular song was invented.
This folk song is very cynical invented, in c kind of hall spicy method under the formation of the formation of a kind of forest treatment of the Huaihuai work situation most.

Of course, the success of the work in the past years is the main thing, otherwise this kind of success is not comforting. Only in the actual work
It is only in the actual work that the specific laws of the rule of the Huaihe can be gradually rejected, and only then can the two ways of the rule of the Huaihe be fully and clearly differentiated, and only then can Mao Zedong's principles of the rule of the Huaihe be put into practice.
It is only in this way that Comrade Mao Zedong's instructions on the control of the Huai ling can be concretized and that the general road to building socialism more quickly and economically can be pursued in the control of our water.
It is only then that the instructions of Comrade Mao Zedong on the control of Huaihua can be materialized, and only then can we carry out the general road of building socialism more quickly and better in our control of water.

The new Jinglei of water control is not only the experience of Anhui province, but also the common experience of many provinces. The CPC Central Committee based on
The correct way of water control which the Party Central Committee has decided on the basis of these new experiences is not only being carried out in Anhui Province, but also in other provinces.
It is being implemented in other provinces as well. It can be understood that this kind of new water control experience has destroyed the stereotypical concept of water control, and it is a big step forward in our country's water management system.
It is a big revolution in the method of stopping sand and water. It has played a great role in promoting our country's water control work, and has also contributed to the development of other aspects of water control.
Other aspects of the medical work owes this very good state change.

One by one, one by one, one by one, one by one, one by one, one by one, one by one, one by one, one by one.

A good place in the south of the Yangtze River.

We care to build a bar.
Open the drains, hail the hail, colorful clouds rise, and we see our township turn into Suzhou and Hangzhou.
(Henan Xinxiang Folk Song) It's like attacking Shangganling.      (Folk Song of Xinxiang, Henan Province)
The Yangtze River and the Yellow River
"The Man-Made River" (Guizhou Shifa County Song)
The water conservancy of the high mountains has been transformed into a river. (A folk song from Lin'an, Quannan) A man who sings is not afraid to sing.
"I'm not afraid of the morning waves.       The valleys feed the four directions in the morning, and the people have no water.
The sound of hail is like snow in the mountains. The construction of the mountainous region is enjoyable for everyone.
It is a long, long, long way to go to stop the Yangtze River and the Yellow River.
The mountain is a long, long way to go, and the Yangtze and the Yellow Rivers are dry.

Richang.

1958

| | | | | | | |
The factory rejects the modern revisionist reaction of the state aoi...
Wang Jiahe Zen

The People's Daily article "Modern revisionism must be criticized? The People's Daily article "Modern revisionism must be criticized" pointed out that one of the basic elements of modern revisionism, represented by the Yugoslav Shia group's
One of the basic elements of modern revisionism is the use of the reactionary, super-ranking state of Kismet Leninism.

In order to undermine the revolutionary workers' movement, the imperialists paralyzed the class dictatorship of the orbital state and put in power the state of the communist party.
The imperialists, in order to undermine the revolutionary workers' movement, have tried to criticize the dictatorship of the proletariat as a "democratic" state of the "people" and to stigmatize the dictatorship of the proletariat as a "democratic" state.
It is a democratic "totalitarian" state. Before the rise of imperialism, imperialism had become a stark contrast to the "totalitarian" state of democracy.
The working masses under the rule of imperialism were increasingly attracted to the ideology of "totalitarianism", and the paralysis of nationalism became more and more common.
Can't be absentee, the more the anti-communist Democratic Party's anticommunist janitorial world seeks the less it can help imperialism's billion. At this time, the Nanslav
At this time, in order to repay the U.S. imperialists for their "building up", the Nanslavists put on their Leninist clothes to sell the interests of the proletariat.
In order to sell the proletariat's super-order-like national koi, they serve imperialism, especially U.S. imperialism, by doing so.

The state power of the imperialist countries serves the interests of a small number of monopolistic capitals and dictates to the majority of the people,

The Yugoslav revisionists, on the other hand, are trying to cover up the situation. The Yugoslav revisionists, however, are trying to conceal this dictatorial nature of the imperialist state power. They say that in the
the state supervises the capital", "limits the capital", "the role of state regulators is strengthened", "the role of the state is strengthened".
"The state is no longer an institution of a particular class of capitalist society, it no longer reflects and protects this particular interest of the capitalist society.
"The state is no longer an institution of a particular stratum of capitalist society, it no longer reflects and protects this particular and risky interest" (Er. I: "Has Capitalism Changed?" (E. K. K. K. K., "Our Realities in Yugoslavia", p. 3) Yugoslavia: "What is our reality? February, 1959)
February, 1959). If he glorifies the state power of the imperialist countries in this way, he is not a traitor to imperialism!
Stomach!

Our times are characterized by a filtering from capitalism to socialism. The working class has to go through one form of revolution or another, to break the state apparatus of the proletariat, to establish a proletarian dictatorship.
revolution of one form or another, to break up the state apparatus of the proletariat, to establish a proletarian state apparatus, to replace the dictatorship of the proletariat with the dictatorship of the proletariat, to replace the dictatorship of the proletariat with the dictatorship of the proletariat.
To replace the dictatorship of the proletariat with the dictatorship of the proletariat. Therefore, Marxism-Leninism has always maintained that the seizure of power is the central issue of the proletarian revolution.
The question of the seizure of power is the centerpiece of the proletarian revolution. Yugoslav revisionism used the dialectical method of arguing that state responsibilism in the Chabonian state was the "element of socialism".
It was argued that in the Chabonist countries state responsibility was the "factor of capitalism", that capitalism was being formed within the capitalist system, and that the bourgeois state apparatus was "governing this system".
The bourgeois state apparatus is also "undergoing changes in this direction", therefore, the working class has no chance to carry out a proletarian revolution, no chance to fight against the state apparatus of the proletariat, and no chance to make the proletarian revolution.
Therefore, the working class does not have to carry out a proletarian revolution, nor does it have to build up its own state apparatus, as long as the state apparatus of the WPM "does not" have to be "organized", and the state apparatus of the WPM "does not" have to be "organized".
Issue 2. 9.

| As long as the state apparatus of the MPS "does not
The development of socialism can be "guaranteed" as long as the state apparatus of the WPM "exerts constant pressure to exert a "decisive influence" in this state apparatus.
They propagated the idea that this was a kind of transition from capitalism to socialism. They propagate this theory of "peaceful evolution" from capitalism to socialism, with the aim of creating ideological chaos within the revolutionary labor movement.
Their aim is to create ideological chaos within the revolutionary labor movement, to organize, corrupt and dissolve the revolutionary will of the working class and communist parties in capitalist countries, and to abolish the revolutionary will of the proletariat in general.
The aim is to create ideological chaos within the revolutionary workers' movement, to destabilize, corrupt and dismantle the revolutionary will of the working class and communist parties in capitalist countries, and to abolish proletarian revolution. In this way, apart from the shadow of imperialism, what else is there in us but the shadow of Leninism?
What is the shadow of Leninism?

Since the October Revolution, one-third of the world's population has broken up the bourgeois state apparatus and established its own proletarian revolution.
established their own proletarian dictatorships. The system of proletarian dictatorship in these countries is fundamentally different in nature from all other dictatorships.
The system of proletarian dictatorship in these countries is fundamentally different from all other dictatorships of the mediator class. 
It is a dictatorship of the majority over the minority, a dictatorship for the creation of a socialist society free from the phenomenon of human diarrhea. It is the most progressive and the last dictatorship in the history of mankind.
It is the most progressive and the last dictatorship in the history of mankind, and it is charged with the most difficult task of eliminating the class in the history of the world, and it is in the most complex and difficult struggle in the history of the world that the dictatorship is being realized.
The dictatorship of the proletariat is advancing through the most complex and tortuous struggle in history. The history of the proletarian dictatorship is still only a decade old, and it is impossible for it not to make mistakes of one kind or another on its way forward.
It is impossible for it not to make mistakes of one kind or another on its way forward. The dictatorship of the proletariat is the people's own system.
The dictatorship of the proletariat is the people's own system, and it is only when the whole country is laid down that the people are able to realize their rights through the dictatorship itself. However, it is the people's own system that makes the dictatorship of the proletariat possible.

However, it is not the system of the dictatorship of the proletariat and the state that is the most important. The same is also true of the Communist Party's national guest list, which is the only one of its kind.
The role of the Communist Party in these countries in guiding and supervising the work of the state has given rise to the "bureaucratization of the party" and the "bureaucratization of the state".
In these countries, the Communist Party, in the course of its real guidance and supervision of the work of the state, has become "bureaucratized" and "totalitarianized". In January, it became clear that Yugoslav revisionism was a weapon of war against the Soviet Union and other countries.
The weapons with which Yugoslav revisionism attacked the Soviet Union and other countries were drawn from the arsenal of the imperialists. However, because of their mischaracterization as "communists", the Yugoslav revisionists have not been able to make any progress in their attacks.
"Communists", with their mistaken * and socialist state? They are wearing the Marxist-Leninist mantle.
They were able to get the special attention of the U.S. imperialists because they used these old weapons.

All Marxist-Leninist writers have pointed out that state power is the dictatorship of the proletariat, and that the proletariat has the right to rule the country.
It is the proletariat that organizes itself into the Bodhisattvas. After the proletariat has gained power, it has to run its own state apparatus, and it is difficult to be defeated.
The proletariat, after gaining power, must put in place its own state machinery, monopolize the independent class, and engage in class struggle under new rules, the road to democracy and the road to capitalism.
The road of socialism and the road of capitalism will be won in order to achieve the goal of eliminating the class wolves. Yugoslav revisionism, on the other hand
Yugoslav revisionism is that the state power should not become an instrument of force, that it should not be dictated by half-class enemies, and that it should not carry out the ideology of villagerism and tumultuous socialism.
They should not fight between the paths of villagerism and vernacularism. At the same time, they were also working on the issue of democracy. It is a big deal.
At the same time, they were making concessions on the issue of democracy and attacking the capitalist countries by developing "democracy". Tito created an excuse, "We have often emphasized our opposition to the idea of putting the proletariat on the road to democracy.
"We often emphasize the rejection of the dictatorship of the proletariat as a mere force", as if there was only dictatorship but no democracy in the Congressist countries. Because of the
In the transition period, there are still antagonistic contradictions between the class and the proletariat, which must be resolved by the realization of dictatorship.
dictatorship is necessary to resolve this contradiction. As for democracy, any democracy is only a form of class-based encrustation. Leaving

*TI958

| It is not a form of democracy under a socialist system.
The democracy of the dictatorship of the proletariat is not a democracy under any socialist system. The democracy of the proletariat is in essence the dictatorship of the minority over the majority of the working people.
is the dictatorship of the minority over the majority of the working people, while the dictatorship of the proletariat is at the same time the democracy of the majority of the working people.
If there is democracy for the proletariat, there is no democracy for the proletariat, and vice versa. The opposite is also true.
The dictatorship of the proletariat is the gray one of dictatorship and democracy. Mao Tse-tung said, "Democracy within the people and dictatorship over the reactionaries are very much the same.
Mao said, "The democratic aspect of the people's internal affairs and the dictatorship of the reactionaries are one and the same, that is, the people's democratic dictatorship." GO "The system of dictatorship is not applicable to the people's internal affairs. The people themselves cannot dictate to themselves.
The people themselves cannot be dictated to themselves; one part of the people cannot be pressed by another part of the people.? "Under the people's democratic dictatorship
"Under the people's democratic dictatorship, two different types of conflicts, those between the enemy and us and those within the people, can be resolved by such incompatible methods as dictatorship and democracy.
The Yugoslav Revisionist approach to democracy is not a good one. Yugoslav revisionism opposes democracy and dictatorship, while it calls for abstract democracy and denies dictatorship to the class enemy.
It denies the necessity of a dictatorship over the class enemy, the necessity of a struggle between the socialist and the chauvinist paths, and so on.
This is only to complement the activities of the nationalist countries against the unionist countries and to create chaos within the unionist countries.
It is only necessary to cooperate with the activities of the nationalist countries against the unionist countries and to create chaos within the unionist countries.

On the pretext that Stalin had committed individual crimes on the question of the dictatorship of the proletariat, the revisionists of Yugoslavia were excitedly

They exaggerated these pincers to attack the dictatorship of the proletariat in the socialist countries, without realizing that they were doing a good job of it.

They did not realize that by doing so they were revealing their own revisionist face. It is true that Stalin absolutely estimated the law of class struggle in the period of filtration to be "the day after the day after the day after the day after the day after the day".
Stalin estimated the pattern of class struggle in the period of filtration to be "a daily revolution". Stalin's estimation of the pattern of class struggle during the period of filtration as a "daily revolution", which could often lead to a widening of the class struggle, had unfavorable consequences for the cause of relativism.
The result was unfavorable to the cause of socialism. However, this does not mean that class struggle during the period of filtration should be rejected in order to be beneficial to the cause.
The fact is that not only in the proletariat, but also in the capitalist movement, is the class struggle between the proletarians and the capitalists not possible. The facts show that not only at the beginning of the dictatorship of the proletariat, but also at the time of the elimination of all forms of capitalism.
not only at the beginning of the proletarian dictatorship, at the time of the elimination of capitalist ownership and the establishment of socialist ownership, there was a class struggle over who would win and who would lose; but also at the time of the question of ownership
After the question of ownership had been completely resolved, there were still class struggles on the front of governance and on the front of ideology over who would win and who would lose.
After the question of ownership is completely resolved, there will still be a struggle for victory on the front of governance and ideology. On the parallel issues of unionism and Tambonism, there were both enemy and self-countermeasures, and there were also people's private organizations.
The latter is also a part of the Ministry of the People's Republic of China. Of course, the class struggle in the past period was sometimes tight and sometimes loose, with twists and turns. After the victory of the proletariat in the first round of the struggle, the proletariat
After the victory of the proletariat in the first round of the struggle, the situation of class struggle might be relaxed for a while. However, the enemy will never be willing to die.
However, the enemy will not be willing to die, and under such conditions they will launch a new attack on capitalism. The ups and downs of class struggle will continue for a certain period of time.
will recur in many areas over a certain period of time, and will continue to be the main factor contributing to the development of the unionist revolution and the unionist construction.
The general trend of the development of the socialist revolution and the development of the socialist construction is that, through such ups and downs, the class struggle will gradually weaken to the point of extinction. Yugoslav revisionism denies this objective law.
The fact that Yugoslav revisionism denies this objective law and denigrates the Shanist states as exacerbating the contradictions through the power of the state proves that they are not only helping the imperialists, but also opposing the proletariat.
Is there any other explanation for this than that they are helping imperialism, opposing the dictatorship of the proletariat, and opposing the democratization of the class?

The Yugoslav revisionists particularly attacked the democratic centralization system practiced in the Soviet Union and other unionist countries.
The Yugoslav revisionists particularly attacked the democratic centralization system practiced in the USSR and other unionist countries, and regarded centralization as the root cause of all evil. He said, "The Paris Commune was founded by the leaders of the Paris Commune, who took the Baath Party, which was loved by Karl Marx, out of power.

Mao Tandong: "People's Democratic Dictatorship".

Multi-picture Mao Tantung: "Being willing to correctly deal with the internal problems of the people's spirit

Issue 2 " Counting.

| | | | | | | | |
The suburb of the Commune of Paris has become a place for the elimination of centralization, which was the first step towards the elimination of centralization of the French proletariat, which was the first step towards the elimination of centralization of the Commune of Paris.
This was true for both Sarkis and the French proletariat who had elevated the Paris Commune. As Lenin puts it, K Marx, when he was in charge of the Paris Commune, "did not in the least open up the centralized system".
system"@. In the communist state, it is not dictatorship but democracy, that is, democratic centralism, that is practiced within the human body. This is the democratic centralized system.
democracy and centralization, decentralization and centralization, are opposites. Democracy is democracy under the guidance of centralization, not extreme democratization.
Democracy is democracy guided by centralization, not extreme democratization. Concentration is concentration on the basis of democracy, not stable concentration. Decentralization is also decentralization under the guidance of ministry, not anarchy.
Centralization of power is also based on promoting the enthusiasm and automaticity of the lower-level borer and the people, not on restricting or hindering such enthusiasm.
It is not the centralization of power that restricts or impedes such initiative and automation. Anyone who emphasizes one side and opposes the other is wrong.
It is a mistake to emphasize one over the other. Of course, in the course of the construction of unionism, due to the insufficiency of the capital, over-centralization or over-decentralization may occur.
But this is only a hernia in the application of democratic centralism, not the inevitable result of the dictatorship of the proletariat. And the South
The Slavic revisionist examination of the centralized system of the proletarian state only proves that he is attacking the socialist state with an ulterior motive.
purpose of attacking the socialist state. With regard to the "social autonomy" which they have so much criticized, we have only to cite the example of Engels. >We have only to cite Engels's argument that "the principle of authority is portrayed as a principle of authority".
"It is a matter of common sense to characterize the principle of authority as something that is good, and the principle of self-government as something that is good.
It's not. *And, as Siggs said, to hold such an absurd notion is to serve the reactionaries in practice.
The Yugoslav revisionists were particularly keen on attacking the regulation of the life of the unionist state. They changed things
They changed the case to one in which only the management of the national economy by the proletarian state power makes the state an obstacle to socialist development.
development. This is a particularly strange avoidance. Is there any country in the world which does not manage its economy? As long as there are countries
As long as there is a state, it will inevitably manage its economy in different ways. What is even stranger is that, when the Yugoslav revisionist
When the role of the Yugoslav revisionist and Red imperialist state power in managing the economy was being strengthened, they did not see anything wrong with it, but rather avoided it.
On the contrary, they were trying to avoid it, glorifying it as a "unionist factor" and, when it came to the role of the sexist state power in the management of the economy, they went out of their way to call it a "unionist factor".
When it comes to the role of the state power in the management of the economy, it is not afraid to use each and every one of them, and it becomes the root cause of officialism and governmental statism. This is the root of the problem. This is not
is to expose the reactionary nature of the Yugoslav revisionist opposition to the management of the socialist state? Kennedy-Leninism
The classics of Leninism point out that the proletarian state must act as the representative of the society and seek the key to the livelihood of the socialist economy. The proletariat
Why must the proletarian state manage the economy? Firstly, it is a fight between the two paths of socialism and capitalism.
The first is to fight the battle of the two paths of socialism and capitalism. Secondly, it is to carry out the class line and class policy of the proletariat in all economic work; secondly, it is to carry out the class line and class policy of the proletariat.
First, the basic rights of the people should be transferred from the State to the people as a whole, and the development of the socialist national economy should be ensured in accordance with the objective laws of socialist economic development.
It is precisely because of the planned management of the national economy by the state power that the socialist national economy develops in a proportional manner. It is precisely because of the systematic management of the national economy by the state power that the Soviet Union and other countries in the region have been able to build up a socialist economy.
It was thanks to the systematic management of the national economy by the state power that the construction of the Soviet Union and other socialist countries achieved great success. Of course, when the state manages the economy, there should be a proper division of labor between the central and local governments.
Of course, when the state manages the economy, there should be a proper division of labor between the central and local governments. The central government's management and planning must be in harmony with local and popular initiative and motivation.
The central government's income management and industrial planning must be properly coordinated with local and public initiative and mobilization. How should the central and local governments divide up the work in economic management and how should the working people help to manage the economy?

Lenin, "The State and the Grass," Lenin, 25 and 416.
Gus: "Answers to the Ministers of Power", "Selected Writings of Gus", pp. 1, 613.

"Wei", work 958.

| The following is a summary of the main points.
The question of whether or not the proletarian state's function of administering the countryside has been abolished is not a question of whether or not the proletarian state's function of administering the countryside has been abolished, but only a question of the specific form of the countryside.
The question of the abolition of the functions of the state administration of the proletarian state is not answered. What do the Yugoslav revisionists mean by the abolition of the proletarian state's function of administering the countryside? What does it mean except that it is being used by them as a trick of the rentiers.
Apart from being a trick of the rentiers, it is nothing but an attempt to undermine and abolish the economic basis of the proletarian state, the socialist system of public ownership, and to abolish the socialist system of public ownership.
The aim is to destroy and abolish the economic basis of the proletarian state, the socialist system of ownership of the surplus people, to abolish the treachery, to abolish the proletariat's line and policy of socialism, to abolish the proletariat's policy of socialism.
To abolish the proletariat's policy of directing and supervising the socialist economy through the Communist Party and through the institutions of the state, and to abolish the proletariat's policy of "socialism".

To restore the capitalist methods of provincial management, to preserve and restore the proletariat's legitimacy, and to facilitate the restoration of the proletariat.

. to facilitate the restoration of the proletariat.

In the process of the development of the revisionist state of Yugoslavia, it is necessary to take into account the problem of internal contradictions in the annual socialist conference. Some of our comrades
Some of our comrades are of the opinion that there is no contradiction between the relations of production and the productive forces, between the superstructure and the foundation of the economy in a socialist society, and thus deny the existence of internal contradictions among the people in a socialist society.
Some of our comrades, in the belief that there is no contradiction between the relations of production and the productive forces, between the superstructure and the economic base in a socialist society, deny the internal contradictions within the people, between the people's government and the masses as the organ of state power.
It is a metaphysical point of view to deny the contradictions within the people in socialist society, and to deny the contradictions between the people's government, as the organ of state power, and the masses. This is a metaphysical point of view.
construction of the socialist state, it will not be possible to overcome the above-mentioned contradictions in time, to make the socialist production system better adapted to the development of production forces, and to make the socialist system more effective.
The socialist state system can be better adapted to the development of the economic base, and it is not possible to realize the socialist system in accordance with the rich practice of the socialist state.
The richness of practice will bring forward the K Marxist-Leninist conception of the state, but the Yugoslav revisionists have not been able to realize that the socialist society is not a socialist society.
The Yugoslav Revisionists, however, categorized the internal contradictions of the socialist society as the contradictions between the state power and the people and made them antagonistic contradictions.
They also regarded this contradiction as an antagonistic one, and the existence of the state as the source of this antagonistic contradiction. It is the same as the old Revisionist contradictions.
In the socialist state, the antagonistic contradiction is between the proletariat-led masses of the people and the class of people who resist socialism.
The antagonistic contradiction in a socialist country is the conflict between the proletariat-led masses and the class-dog enemies who resist and fight against socialism. In order to solve this antagonistic contradiction, the dictatorship of the proletariat is necessary.
It is not because of the dictatorship of the proletariat that the antagonistic contradiction has arisen. The Yugoslav revisionists characterized the internal contradictions of the people in the socialist state as the result of the dictatorship of the people.
Yugoslav revisionists have confused the internal contradictions of the people in the socialist state with the contradictions of the enemy, and the contradictions within the system of capitalism with the contradictions within the system of capitalism.
The Yugoslav revisionists attacked the socialist countries by confusing the contradictions within the socialist system with the contradictions between the enemy and us, and the contradictions within the system of capitalism with the contradictions within the system of accession. Comrade Mao Zedong's "Questions on the Correct Handling of
Comrade Mao Zedong's "On the Correct Handling of the Internal Contradictions of the People" creatively developed the Marxist-Leninist theory of the state. Comrade Mao Zedong
Mao Zedong pointed out that the contradictions within the socialist system were fundamentally different from the contradictions within the capitalist system. In
In socialist societies, the contradictions between the production system and the productive forces, between the superstructure and the economic base, are non-confrontational.
It is a non-confrontational contradiction. The people's government, which represents the interests of the masses, is in perfect harmony with the masses, and the government which creates the team is in perfect harmony with the masses.
The people's government, representing the interests of the masses, is in unity with the masses, which is very different from the irreconcilable class confrontation between the government and the masses. The contradiction between the people's government and the masses
The contradiction between the people's government and the people's masses is an internal contradiction of the people, a contradiction based on the fundamental unity of the people's interests, and therefore a non-confrontational contradiction.
Therefore, they are non-adversarial. These contradictions can be overcome and solved by the socialist system itself. The Yugoslav revisionist theory
By exaggerating these contradictions into antagonistic ones, the Yugoslav revisionists are only trying to achieve the goal of tainting the dictatorship of the proletariat.

The Yugoslav revisionists, in order to re-socialize the socialist state, changed the system of statehood into a system that produces a socialist state, in accordance with the changes they had made.
In order to re-socialize the socialist state, the Yugoslav revisionists, in accordance with their own ideas, changed the state system into a system of "fudaiism". The Yugoslav Revisionists, in order to re-socialize the socialist state, have changed the state system to the root cause of "fudism", arguing that as long as the state system exists. The official
The second issue of the "13.

| The State system is the root cause of the rise of "Fudaiism".

Also, the "clubism" will continue to emerge as a trend and
Clubism" will still appear as a kind of direction and *. As we all know, governmentalism is a product of the state-run institutions of the imperialist class.
As we all know, officialism is a product of the state institutions. The officialism that exists in the Party and state institutions of socialist countries is a poison of the old society, not a product of the unionist system or of the Communist Party itself.
the product of the unionist system and the Communist Party itself. This bureaucracy is incompatible with the working class party and the socialist state system.
It is incompatible with the socialist state system. The history of the proletarian dictatorship has shown that only a socialist state system can be effective.
Only through the unlimited development and control of the initiative spirit and positive role of the people and the masses can we overcome the bureaucracy that has arisen under the influence of the old society.
and the bureaucracy arising from the old society. That is to say, we must rely on the people and the masses and resolutely combat the influence of sub-proletarian ideology.
We must rely on the people and the masses and resolutely work against the influence of sub-productive ideas in order to overcome bureaucracy. To do this, we must, on the one hand, lead the country from the top down, and on the other hand, lead the country from the bottom up. We must guide the people from the top to the bottom.
The staff of the state security organs should constantly reform themselves, overcome their wrong ideas and practices, and constantly improve their working methods.
On the other hand, we must mobilize the masses from below to raise their cultural level and awareness.
On the other hand, we also mobilize the masses from the bottom up, raise their cultural level and consciousness, carry out effective supervision of the state organs by the masses, and guide them in the struggle against officialism. Our country's
The experience of our country also demonstrates this point. We have found a method of redemptive rectification that suits our situation, based on the principle of "one group, one criticism, one group, one vehicle".
On the basis of the formula of "one group, one criticism, one group", we adopt the forms of "big history", "big release", "big zero", "big debate" and "heavenly word newspaper" to mobilize the masses and carry out criticism and self-criticism.
This has made the democratic life of China's Zhuhai society a great progress.
This has led to a great advancement in the democratic life of our socialist society. We might as well ask, "Do the Yugoslav revolutionaries dare to practise such a broad democracy?

The Communist Party is the supreme form of the workers' organization, and it is the highest form of democracy in the world. It is not right for the party to directly supervise and oversee the state.
It is not right for the Party and the state to be "tightly integrated into the Party and the state". The result of this is inevitably the "officialization" of the Party. >The result is the "officialization" of the Party. Lenin's
Lenin's theory of party building emphasized that the Communist Party was the highest form of workers' class spinning, and that only a workers' class party, the Communist Party, could be politically, politically, and economically active.
Only the Communist Party, the party of the workers' class, can lead the proletariat politically. Only a party of the workers' class, the Communist Party, can lead the proletariat politically and exercise dictatorship through the proletariat by means of the working masses of the public, "without which the dictatorship of the proletariat cannot be realized.
Without this, the dictatorship of the proletariat cannot be realized." This is the reasoning proved by the practice of the unionist countries. The dictatorship of the proletariat has always been
The first thing that has prevented the dictatorship of the proletariat from being realized is the absence of a centralized system of government, based on Marxism-Leninism as the guide to its actions, and on the principle of the centralized system of government.
The Communist Party, which is founded on the basis of the centralized system of government, which is in close contact with the masses, which strives to be the heart of the working people, and which uses Marxism-Leninism as a guide to its own actions, has no Communist Party members and the masses.
If the Communist Party is a Communist Party whose members and the masses of the people are the guiding principle of its action, the proletariat will not be able to take a step forward in the cause of revolution and the construction of the pit. In carrying out the social
In the course of carrying out the socialist revolution and socialist construction, in terms of the general path and policy for building socialism, and in terms of the guidelines and policies for the socialist state, the Party must be guided by the principles of the Communist Party and the people.
In the process of carrying out the socialist revolution and socialist construction, in the general approach and policy of building socialism, and in the guidelines and policies of the socialist state, the Party must play a guiding role, for which reason the Party and the government should not be separated. If the Party and the government are separated, the Party must play a leading role in the guidelines and policies of the socialist state.

If the Party and the government are separated, the Party will be able to do its work without the Party having to take over the day-to-day affairs of the government organs. In any case, it is important to strengthen the Communist Party's leadership of the socialist cause and the national structure.
and national organization is the basic guarantee of the victory of the people of our socialist barracks. Mr. Nasrallah

Lenin. Lenin: "Decision of the Second Congress of the Communist Party of China on the Direction of Unionism and Anarchism in the Party", Lenin's Testimonies, vol. 2, p. 826.
Lenin's Testimonies, No. 2, p. 826.

"4, 1955.

| The Revisionism of the Soviet Union
The Revisionist Party has openly violated the founding principles of the Leninist Party by attacking the Communist Parties of all the countries in which it has been established.
But also in the name of the Communists to invite the spread of Wei, the party is not a foreigner do not know the shame of Tsui?

Externally, the Yugoslav leadership is pursuing a foreign policy that suits the needs of imperialism, that promotes the United States and vilifies the Soviet Union.
Internally, the Yugoslav leadership is pursuing a policy of abolishing the two-way street, destroying the economic foundations of capitalism and authorizing a free license to the American way of life and the American way of life.
The policy of destroying the economic foundations of regionalism, especially the policy of free relations and the American way of life, is a clear sign of the democratization and change of the Yugoslav juggernaut.
This is a clear sign of the transformation of the Yugoslav bloc and its use. In this way, an irreconcilable conflict has arisen between this bloc and the Yugoslav people. Yugoslavia
The Yugoslav Bloc does not want to and will not remove the signboards of the socialists and proletarians, because in doing so it will be impossible for the Yugoslav Bloc to be able to realize the meaning of the term "socialist" and "proletarian". The Yugoslav leadership does not want to and will not simply remove the signs of *socialism* and *productivism*, because to do so would not
It would have to face the strong opposition of the Yugoslav people, but it would also lose its role as a house for the socialist camps and would no longer get any bonuses from the U.S. imperialists.
So they had to sell their goods under false pretenses. Therefore, they had to sell a dog for a sheep's head, to obtain imperialist prizes and to deceive the domestic public at the same time.
So they had to hang on to the prize of imperialism, to obtain the prize of imperialism, and to confuse the domestic masses and appease the discontent of the domestic people in order to cover up their dissimulation and change, and so they expanded their activities in seven or eight ways.
So, they hunted and gathered more than a few grammatical and doctrinal phrases, and put forward a "national demise".

This revisionist state demise advocated the demise of the proletarian dictatorship in the role of the state in the life of the society and the individual.
This revisionist state demise advocates the demise of the role of the proletarian dictatorship of the state in social and personal life, but in reality it is the demise of the role of the dictatorship of the state over the socialist class.
"Dying"? democratic centralism within the people, * the demise of the role of the state in the integration of the socialist economy. the role of the state in the management of the socialist economy, and the role of the Communist Party. the Communist Party
the jaw-jaw role of state power. In short, what they want to eliminate is unionism and communism. In his view, the integrationist countries do not do this.
In his view, the failure of the integrationist state to do so would be a "pragmatic revision of the theory of the demise of the state" and would lead to "the disappearance of all governmental functions". This would lead to "officialism and centralization of the state.
It would lead to the emergence of "official state centralism" and "hinder the development of the socialist and marital factors." If the bee's
If we follow what he says, we will only be facilitating the destruction and resurrection of the socialist state by nationalism, which will only lead to an anti-Socialist reaction.
movement, it would only lead to a repetition of the counter-revolutionary events in Hejaly, and only to the resurgence of reprobationism. This is what Yugoslavia
The modern revisionists are pushing out the aluminum <national demise flower> to the outside world. This is what the modern revisionists of Yugoslavia are trying to do.

Tu Wei, the "Flower of the Demise of the State", which is a reflection of Katharine Leninism, was launched in
What is it? His main state apparatus - the police, the courts, the police force and other penal institutions - is weak and not dying.
They are weak, not dying, and are being greatly strengthened. In order to enforce and perpetuate the rule and dictatorship of their own clique, they have resorted to the use of the state to enforce the rule and dictatorship of their own clique.
In order to impose and perpetuate the rule and dictatorship of their own clique, they have resorted to the use of the state apparatus to suppress those who oppose them. Last year, more than 30,000 workers (4% of the total number of workers) were killed in Yugoslavia.
Last year more than 30,000 workers (4.3% of the total number of workers) in Yugoslavia were dismissed as a result of reprisals for speaking out against their leaders, and recently Reuters reported that they were targeting those who opposed them in the country.
Recently Reuters reported that they are conducting a massive witch hunt in the country for those who oppose his reactionary policies. And while they're at it, they're going to
"Workers' self-rule"? to bully the people, and that their country is "dying". In fact
In fact, this kind of behavior is bringing the socialist cause of the Yugoslavs to the danger of "extinction".
In fact, this kind of behavior is putting the socialist cause of Yugoslavia in danger of "extinction". As far as the internal role is concerned, the modern revisionist concept of "statehood" is nothing more than a manifestation of their ideology and their own ideas. It's just a way to make them clear and to make them change.
It is the only way to get rid of them.

We, the Communists of the four countries, are as much a part of the demise of the nation as the publicists of Marxism. According to the Bureau of
Issue 2 15.

| The principle of Marxism-Leninism, Comrade Mao Zedong said, is that the state should be destroyed.
According to the principles of Marxism-Leninism, as Comrade Mao Shidong has said, the conditions for the demise of the state are, at home, the elimination of the class and the extinction of class influence, and, abroad, the disappearance of imperialism.
At home, the conditions for the collapse of the state are the elimination of the rank and file and the extinction of the influence of the rank and file, and abroad, the extinction of the imperialist system. With the gradual weakening or even extinction of the class struggle at home, the money pressure function will naturally be eliminated.
with the gradual weakening and extinction of the class struggle at home, the money pressure function will naturally continue to be practiced and develop in the direction of extinction day by day, which is a long-term natural development process.
This is a long-term natural development process. At the same time, we should not neglect the foreign conditions, which are influenced by the domestic conditions. Lenin said.
"The economic basis for the total disappearance of the state is the development of communism, when the antagonism between mental and physical labor has been eliminated.
One of the most important sources of inequality in modern society has disappeared, and this source is more than the producers.
This source of inequality can never be eliminated by merely taking away the responsibility of the producers for the communal property, or by merely taking away the responsibility of the family. *The length of the process of the death of the state, therefore, "will depend on the length of the process of the death of the state.
Therefore, the length of the process of the demise of the state "will depend on the speed of change in the advanced stage of communism". The K Marxist-Leninist state elimination process, the South-South
There is no resemblance between the Krasnian Leninist conception of the elimination of the state and the South-South revisionist conception based on the elimination of the state.

In their efforts to continue the so-called "zone of national extinction", the revisionists used every possible means to poison the country. They used all their venom to focus their attacks on Stalin.
They attacked Stalin with all their venom. He emphasized Stalin's "pragmatic revision" of the Leninist ideology, his "pragmatic revision" of the Leninist ideology, his "pragmatic revision" of the Leninist ideology, and his "pragmatic revision" of the Leninist ideology.
He transformed the Leninist concept of the extinction of the state into "the state is not dying, but must be strengthened in all spheres of life".
The Soviet Union and the Communist Party of the Soviet Union (CPSU) were concerned with the issue of proletarianism. The rich experience of the USSR and the Communist Party of the USSR on the dictatorship of the proletariat and the building of the socialist state is of world significance.
It is of world significance. Stalin was born in the state's money-suppressing function, the function of managing the paper economy and the function of educating the people. The function of managing the paper economy and the function of educating small producers.
and his strong state dictatorship was gradually replaced by an external repressive function. Naturally, the state's economic functions will be preserved as
the state's economic function would be preserved as a function of society) were perfectly correct. Although Stalin made some mistakes on the question of the state, as the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union pointed out.
Stalin was a great Marxist-Leninist, as the Central Committee of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union pointed out, he was a strong fighter in the struggle against the Soviet Union.
Stalin was a great Marxist-Leninist, a strong warrior in the struggle against the Soviet Union. It is impossible for the modern revisionist king of Nanshtiev, who served as the first disciple of the working class, to make any fair assessment of Stalin.
It is impossible to make any fair assessment of Stalin. He has criticized the USSR for having practiced "personal nonpartisanship," to which I can reply in the words of Shlech: "The USSR is not a party.
I can answer this question in the following words: "To compare the dictatorship of the masses with the dictatorship of the people in general is to make a mockery of the situation.
I don't know that under the slogan of "Down with the Yuexian", some new leaders are actually being brought out to the public.
What are you doing? The Yugoslav Revisionists wanted to raise a new generation to the top. The new supplements that the Yugoslav revisionists wanted to bring out were none other than the new Berbers who betrayed Marxism-Leninism and defected to American imperialism.
to U.S. imperialism, the new Bern period.

In this way, the Yugoslav revisionists are trying to find out about the whole quality of the bourgeois state, about the filtration of capitalism through to integrationism, about the filtering of the spatialism, about the spatialization of the political system.
The Yugoslav Revisionist study of the whole nature of the bourgeois state, of the filter from capitalism to integrationism, of the nature and role of the state, of the "demise" of the state, and so on, is the first and the last step in the process.
It was reactionary at the beginning and at the end. In order to preserve the Marxist-Leninist rationale of the state, we must resolutely crush this kind of
Revisionism.

Lenin, "The Family and the Revolution", Lenin's Gestaltung, p. 455.

Example: Lenin, "The Leftism of the Communist Movement: Infantile Diseases", "Lenin's Literature", 2, p. 09.

| The
The American Nationalist Regiment in Yugoslavia

From

Five hundred and seventeen hundred, the prize country "Frogs day evening postal news? Change
The newspaper's article, "The Sellers," reads, "Do we have a cheap shot at Yugoslavia?
"Are our bets on Yugoslavia... The newspaper's editorial, Mr. Lustre, recognized an article entitled "Are our cheap bets on Yugoslavia a good idea?
It is clear from this article that the author is an Americanist.
The author is an Americanist, but the article deserves to be read in the same way as the Yugoslavian people.
and the people of Yugoslavia. It was written in
It was written in Upper Belgrade. In addition to the usual criticism of the Soviet Union and the
Union and the Soviet Union, which allowed for socialism, the author makes a lot of
Aside from the usual slanderous remarks about the USSR and the socialist system, the author is also a great writer because of her experience in the field.
of Yugoslavia, the author writes about Yugoslavia's
Yugoslavia. Is Janto a partner of the cone? Was he a tool of imperialism?
or a tool of imperialism, or a partner of the Yugoslav people? The author answers these questions
answered these questions in a very favorable way.

Of course, the Jatists want to monopolize their business.
And what about the fact that "Yugoslavia is a living commodity?" that can be bought.
So the imperialists will realize the value of the slave.
The author asks.

"What value does Tito have for me?

This puts the question of whether Tito was worth it, whether he was worth paying a high price, to the American nationalists.
American nationalists' doubts about Tito's worthiness to invest and pay a high price.
Yes.     (SIGHS)

How much the U.S. imperialists glazed over Tito's
It varies in strength. For example, "The United States has, up to now.
The U.S. has so far voted for Tito's independence in the amount of $100 million.
Issue 2

The United States has so far paid up to

The branded $700 million in absolute financial aid, plus $700 million in
dollars in village aid*. This figure compares favorably with the figure in a previous issue of this publication, which was based on information from the American and Yugoslav press.
This figure is considerably less than the one given in a previous issue of this publication, which was based on material from the U.S. and Yugoslav press.
This figure is much smaller than the one in a previous issue of this publication, which was based on material from the U.S. and Yugoslav press. However, in this
However, there is no point in pursuing specific figures here.
There is no mistaking the fact that Tito is certainly worth more than Judas for the sake of nationalism.
Tito was certainly worth more than Judas. Judas only got three or twelve dollars.
The U.S. imperialists paid Tito a million dollars more than that.
Tito was paid by the American imperialists, a million dollars more than that. Beyond that, there is
there is also a difference. Judas betrayed only one Jew, and now Tito is betraying Yugoslavia.
Now Tito is betraying the great Yugoslavian people.
people.

With a strong pen, he wrote that American imperialism was Tito's "savior".
The author is Tito's "life-saver". The author, Mr. Shin. Tito's life has been in the hands of the U.S. imperialists since
Since his departure from the unionist camp, Jane has "not been able to live a year", "much anger in the West.
and was "furious with the West, and especially with the interference of the U.S. in the development of the world?
The intervention of the West, and especially of the Mito The West, and in particular METRO, saved him, and "since then we have been helping to make him
Since then, we have been helping to enable him to survive.

The author ai to the weapons of the Luo out. By the end of last year, he said
By the end of last year, "luckily, the main Ken's horse had reached the end of its life.
We have tanks, guns, jets, cars and jeeps.
Our tanks, bolts, jets, heavy automobiles and jeeps, have given Tito all the confidence they need.
greater confidence than they needed.

Tito himself was now able to "often see him at a distance".

edTT.

| | | | | | |
Brittany's chopsticks, spending many hours with his family, friends, dog and
family, friends, dogs and the Adriatic Sea.
The Adriatic Sea with his family, his friends, his dog, and his friends, and he can't thank the American imperialists enough for this.

However, the imperialists, in their quest for
to get a good result. The author
The author says, "I didn't attach anything to it.
From the moment we switched on, we made it clear that we did not expect any direct repayment.
We do not expect direct repayment. The previous sentence is of course kan
The day is bright. There is no such thing as unconditional imperialism in the world.
The second sentence has some truth in it. The second sentence is somewhat reasonable, because
Because imperialism is sometimes a long sugar rush, according to the market.
And the profits they pay back may be even greater than the profits they receive.
But Gentile was afraid that the U.S. imperialists might not be able to pay back the profits. However, Janto was afraid that the U.S. imperialists would not trust him enough to return the favor.
However, Janto was afraid that the US imperialists would not trust him, and he was not slow in paying back.

Between the sale and the purchase, the U.S. imperialists, through Tito's
Tito's hand, the US imperialists were able to make Namskratia practically independent.
independence.

How did the U.S. imperialists put Nansplatzow's
Foxjee life on their own wagon? The author says
said, "During the drought, we supplied all but the most important commodities, including metals, chemicals, machinery, and so on.
Jean, including metals, chemicals, machinery, etc. This year South
Slaten sold seven-tenths of every quintal of bread and
flour came from the United States." It is quite understandable why many people in Yugoslavia still have a problem with the United States.
Why is it still so difficult for many people in Yugoslavia to realize that they are in an "American mood"?
realize that they have been "quietly betrayed by the United States".
quietly betrayed. It is also possible to find out why Yugoslavia has become the most important country in the world.
why the Yugoslav snail became "the object of American propaganda", why the Yugoslav snail became "the object of American propaganda", and why the Yugoslav snail became "the object of American propaganda".
Why, as the author says, did the Western travelers' camps take Yugoslavia as a target of U.S. propaganda?
Why the Western travelers' camps made Yugoslavia a "small American country".
The Western travelers' camps, as the authors say, have labeled Yugoslavia as a "little America".

It was in the above mentioned circumstances that Yugoslavia originally sought to become a "small American country".

49.

The socialist system, which had been established in the revolution, was quietly changing.
The socialist system, which had been established in the revolution, was quietly undergoing changes. For example, in 1953, the Tito Group "recognized the importance of the peasant stock in the South as a source of income for the peasants.
Toto's group "organized an expansion of peasant stocks away from their collective farms".
The Tieto Group, for example, in 1953, "organized the departure of the peasants from their collective farms in Yugoslavia". For example, with regard to the so-called "workers' councils" in Yugoslavia
"Workers' Councils? According to Tito's group, the so-called "Workers' Councils" in Yugoslavia, which were "the most important of all", were "the most important".
It seems to be their "great creation," but according to the U.S. press, it is not.
But according to the U.S. newspaper, which interviewed one factory, it was something like this.
It's like this, "When they come to "their" factories, they look like the most important factories of a company.
When they came to "their" factory, they looked like the most
in Russia and Rome.
A kind of Eastin>. Yes, in the main countries of the union, there is nothing like Nance's.
There is no such company as Nance Resistance.
All these changes, the authors say, Tito "turned to something more humane than Chiang".
Tito "made a step towards something more humane than Chiang".

In particular, the authors use the phrase, "In the first years after the war, Tito made us the best of what we had to offer.
In the first years after the war, Gento rewarded us handsomely. They
The Greek Communist forces were forbidden to take refuge and to organize on his Janus.
Jantos, thus hastening the defeat of the Greek Communists;
The Communists' defeat was hastened by the news of the Greek-Turkish signing of the Barbaric Treaty in 1955.
In 1955 he heard that Greece and Turkey had signed the Treaty of Baltica 〈Baltica 〈Baltica 〈Baltica 〈Turkey
both of which were North Atlantic Park countries), thus making the
This established a link between his isolated country and the defense system on all sides.
The link was established between the two countries and the defense system on the other side.

Why did Tito say at the Seventh Congress of the Communist Party of the South that "Stalin's implementation of the Communist Party of the South (CPUSA) is not an option?
Stalin's policy was to sign Western-style treaties,
Why did Tito say at the VII Congress of the Southern Communist Party that "Stalin's policy was the basic reason for the signing of the Western blocs, for the creation of the military blocs? Why did Tito say something like this?
Wasn't it because of Tito and the Atlantic bloc?
"an imperialist military bloc with the U.S. as its organizer.
That's the reason why Tito was so close to the Atlantic bloc.

And he was particularly pleased that Tito "encouraged" the 1919 revolution.
He encouraged "the counter-revolution of 1919".

It's been 958 years.

| The
He said that Tito "refused to go to Moscow under the pretext of itching".
Lenin's 40th anniversary of the revolution.
Lenin's 40th anniversary of the revolution." Finally, the author claims that Tito's group "set off a firecracker at the Congress last month.
last month, the Tito group "set off a firecracker at the Congress;" it was called a "good firecracker" and was called "a good firecracker.
Chopsticks 1

Of course, the imperialist test could not be satisfied with a single
Tito's Yugoslavia can be satisfied. The authors are wildly
They would like to have "two, three or
two, three or more Yugoslavia's". In this respect, Tito was rather pretentious in the face of imperialism.
Tito was quite pretentious in the face of imperialism, and he told the odd page.
Here are some close-ups of the test.

"Tito himself was well aware of the attraction of his
"Tito himself was well aware of his attraction, and used it skillfully.

"Tito was intentionally exporting gangsterism.

"A Yugoslav official said to me, 'Don't forget, we started in Eastern Europe.
forget that we were instrumental in Eastern Europe, and this is something that no one can take over.
No one can take the place of the Communists.

Minions are always short of their master's favor and reward, always
is there to keep on vomiting himself. However, the lack of trust in the master

The commodity of "righteousness" has long been stinking.
It is hard to find a market for it, except for the big advertisements of the nationalists and the self-appreciation of Janto.
It's hard to find a market for it except for the advertisements of the nationalists and the self-appreciation of Janto. Tito, who is proud of being a lackey of the imperialist
Tito, who was so pleased with himself as a lackey of imperialism, would one day meet with a disillusioned
to come to him.

The author comes to the conclusion that the shame of the Nasra class
the state of affairs, "cannot but make one realize that this is a complete victory on our side of the war".
victory on our side of the all-healed war." "And it seems to be that Tito's bush will be in the
time to come is in line with mine." "I
all the same as the one whose purpose is to undermine the Kremlin's control over Eastern Europe.
control of Eastern Europe (as the old imperialists would have it
to call the great under-congressionalist camp) is the only partner in the work from the
partner in the work from within. "As an American
American dust-watcher uses, here we are, and we are moving forward*.
forward*. Liganto is his pigeon's maid, which is fine, of course.
But what about "victory"? La, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la, la.

The nationalist boss is not overly optimistic, not overly self-centered.

because, after all, Gentile is sitting on a tower of his own making.
Janto was sitting on a tower of his own making.

Call for Papers

This is a call for contributions. and the content of the manuscripts include political commentaries, economic commentary
economic commentaries, philosophical commentaries, historical studies, newsletters, literary criticism, folk songs and so on.
Folk Songs, etc. Please write down your address clearly and directly to the editorial office of the magazine.
The editorial office of the magazine is located in the village. Contributions can be returned if they are not used.

sa 19.

| | | | | | | |
Sick tree in front of a million trees

A review in the T&T newspaper was picked up by
Joey Hu

Not long after the closing of the first session of the First National Congress of the Communist Party of China, a commentary on the "Great Leap Forward Year" was published in the British newspaper Suzuki on May 11th.
On the 11th of May, the British newspaper Suez published a review of the "Great Leap Forward Year". The article describes Liu Shaoqi's report as follows
In this jargon-laden paper, we can find no lively, original or promising insights.
The ...... As a result of the efforts of the past years, the people must have been somewhat relaxed and something must be done to revitalize them.
The central government therefore designated this year as the "Great Leap Forward" year. This slogan was followed by no specific goals. The present goal
The present goals are still far-reaching ones that take a lot of effort to achieve, and the centralized macro-industry network has to be one by one. Now Bawang is the first time it has been revised.
The deadline for the first one was 21 years, and in the campaign to 'overtake Britain' it was also promised to be achieved in a year after the war. The author then follows his own point of view.
The author then makes a few interjections on the policy of the report, according to his own views, and goes on to say
Cancer: In some ways, this is a welcome relief to those who have worked hard. Although most of them must have been laboring on the ground and not suffering, while most of them were not working at all.
Although most of them must have been laboring without suffering, and there must have been many visible signs of progress by now, there are still some signs of progress in the present day.
However, in today's tumor-ridden sisterhood, a thriving, vigorous atmosphere is hard to beat."

What a chinee contrast such a comment is to the seething life before us! This reminds us of the Tang Dynasty
This reminds us of the two lines of Liu Zaisi, the warrior of the Tang Dynasty: "The sunken green side is only a thousand yards away, and the sick tree has ten thousand trees in front of it in the spring". The imperialist West has become like a sinking boat
The imperialist West has become old and rotten like a sinking boat and a sick tree, but the eastern wing of imperialism is just like a thousand sails, ten thousand trees, and so on, with a boundless future.
The future is boundless. The aging West is not only impossible to catch up with the youthful East, but also impossible to understand. The West
The bourgeoisie of the West is in a world of broken states. In their class, they can't find anything with
In their class, they can't find anything angry, new, new, new. Because of this, the Chavistas do not want to see, do not want to believe in, do not want to hide.
They do not believe in, believe in, believe in, believe in all the new things created by the laboring people. The Talaqi report proves that the Kwaikees are looking at it from a sexist perspective.
Comrade Liu Shaoqi's report is full of unintelligible jargon", which is exactly what it should be. The imperialist countries
The louse class rulers of the imperialist countries use all sorts of goodies to electrocute the people, coerce the people by all sorts of lucrative methods, and make the people do all sorts of things for the sake of the big profits.
They make the people labor intensely for the sake of big profits, but the masses always answer them with slackness, distrust and non-cooperation.
But the people always answered them with laxity, distrust and non-cooperation. The critics who steal from the seven newspapers in Donsuiji, who look at the life of the socialist state from the perspective of the bourgeois trash, cannot help but see it as a way of life in the socialist state.
The Chinese people, after eight years of hard work, "must have come down a bit," he said, "must have been moved by the will of the Chinese people, but not by the will of the Chinese people," he said.
They will not be able to enjoy the prosperity and prosperity of their country. Nai Tai La - on the
The evidence reported by the newspaper is that there is a ^ not in Stealington but eight thousand miles away in the Chinese commercial capital of Beijing" of the "Xichang
"The Express"? Ellis, a reporter for the Peking Express, in his newsletter of the 14th of July, about volunteer labor at the Thirteen Tomb Reservoir in Peking, wrote: "I'm a human being," he said.

"20958.

| | | | | | |
Doubt that the days of the military and civilians since the Lei to participate in the labor here, in fact, but the army named designated the old office work. However, here is
lying squarely on the self lei, and there are people waiting to line up the children of his labor. ...... These Chinese are working with a rare enthusiasm and
effort in carrying on the work, an enthusiasm and effort that can be compared only in the spectacle of a college boat race. It is a yellow hearted enthusiasm of the people for communism.
It is a yellow hearted enthusiasm of the people for communism. It is a medical example of the government seizing the hearts of the people and mobilizing the will of the nation.
It is a medical example of the government seizing the people's hearts and mobilizing their will for the nation."

The key is that even if a few more such reports were to be published in the British selenium newspapers (which at best could only reflect

Chinese people's revolutionary fervor, and will inevitably bring culmination into the net), will in no way change Britain and the whole of the West."

the bourgeois mind of Britain and the whole of the Western " world of remembrance. All the reactionary classes in history, all the reactionary political forces, have never changed their minds. All reactionary political forces in history have never been able to observe the objective world on the ground.
observe the objective world. They have always overestimated the power of their own forces and underestimated the power of the progressive class that has risen up against their will.
They always underestimate the power of the progressive forces that rise up against their will. The Minzhi class thinks that its rule is permanent, but it does not believe in the power of the peasants and the proletariat to overthrow them.
He did not believe in the power of the peasants and the proletariat to overthrow them. Similarly, when capitalism became an obstacle to the further development of the productive forces.
The proletariat, too, still believes that capitalism can last forever, and does not believe that the proletariat can destroy the former capitalist system and let the righteousness go.
The proletariat did not believe that the proletariat could destroy the former capitalist system, but that it would be allowed to do so. When the Soviet Union appeared, they concluded that the Soviet Union would not last long. The Soviet Union put forward its first Five-Year Plan.
They concluded that it was a dream. The Second World War broke out, and they waited for the time when the Soviet Union would be conquered.
Time. When the Chinese Revolution appeared on the scene, they repeated this calculation. In 1945, Kai-shek refused domestic peace.
The reason for Kai-shek's refusal to make peace at home in 1945 and the long-lasting national revolution in 1944 was that he and his masters, the American imperialists, were in a position of great advantage.
It was because he and his master, the U.S. imperialists, were in harmony, and the advantage was on their side. After Chiang Kai-shek was finished, the American imperialists and other imperialists thought that the Chinese People's Government would not have the advantage of the Chinese people.
and other imperialists believed that the Chinese People's Government would not be able to solve its own problems unless it relied on American assistance. In 1944
In January, 1944, the then U.S. Secretary of State Chiang Kai-shek said in a letter to Mr. Du Baxian that the large population "has become an unbearable burden for China.
The large population was "an overwhelming pressure on China" and that a Chinese government could solve the problem of feeding the people. The Chinese government was able to solve the problem of feeding the people. The Chinese government was able to solve the problem of feeding the people.

In anticipation of the victory of the Chinese Revolution, he openly called on China's "democratic individualists" to rise up and overthrow the People's Government. Mao"

At that time, Comrade Mao Zedong in a commentary repudiated the district oddly enough: "Of all things in the world, man is the first to be treasured. At the time of the Communist Party.
At the time of the Communist Party, it is only possible to create any miracle of life on earth. If I were Archie and the counter-revolutionary Ricci, I'd be a big shot.
If I were Archie and the counter-revolutionary old man, we would have a new China with a large population, abundant produce, excellent labor conditions, and a prosperous society.
A new China will not take long to come, and all this is completely based on the truth." From then to now, a few years have passed.
From then to now, years have gone by, but is it right? The Chinese people who don't eat American flour not only didn't die, but also lived better than before.
Better. Our population is larger, but our progress has increased many times faster. In China.
In China, there are still people who insist on being pessimistic, but they are surrounded by a sea of optimistic people, and only their own fate is worth optimizing.
Only their own fate is worthy of optimism.         .

Whether or not they are false to the power of the people and the masses is the fundamental boundary between the proletariat and the proletariat, and also between Marxists and anti-Catholics, and between the anti-Catholics and the anti-Catholics, and the anti-Catholics.
It is also the fundamental boundary between the proletarians and the anti-Catholics, between the Mohammedans and the pseudo-Catholics. You stand on the side of the proletariat.
If you stand on the side of the proletariat, on the side of Marxism, you will inevitably regret that the apparently powerful reactionary forces are nothing but foxes and tigers who will perish sooner or later.
You are bound to believe that the people and the masses are the real heroes of history, and that the people will certainly be able to realize their destiny.
The people and the masses will surely be able to help.

| | | |
Enough to overcome all oppression and create all the wonders of the world, no matter how great the difficulties in front of the people will not be moved. In the same vein
If you stand on the side of the proletariat, if you stand on the side of anti-Marxism or pseudo-Marxism, you are bound to take the illusion for the essence, and you are bound to believe that imperialism's jin yuan and hydrogen bombs will be used as the basis for the future.
You are bound to take the illusion for the essence, bound to think that imperialism's gold dollars and hydrogen bombs will decide everything, and to look down on the power of the people, who appear to be relatively small in comparison with the imperialists.
The power of the masses of the people, who at the time appear to be relatively small. The reason why people like Bersimbay, Kautsky and Plekhazov turned their backs on the proletarian cause is that they were not able to realize the power of the proletariat.
It was because they did not believe in the power of the masses. In the same way, the reason why the revisionists in Yugoslavia
The reason why the revisionists in Yugoslavia did not dare to stand on the side of socialism in the international class struggle was that they worshiped the powerful American imperialism as if it were a god and did not believe in the power of the masses.
The reason why the Yugoslav revisionists worshiped American imperialism as if it were a god was that they did not believe in the power of the masses, no matter how much they tried to do so. They
The revolutionary power they had in the fascist struggle was gradually lost after their victory, and now they don't even know that they have the United States.
Now they don't know how to get by with American flour and human dollars. Now they have no idea how they can get by with American flour and human dollars.
the socialist camp and the communist parties of the world.

In the revolutionary ranks of the proletariat, the proletarian ideology, which does not believe in the power of the masses, will not remain unaffected.
The proletariat is not born with the ability to distinguish between illusion and essence, to understand that imperialism is bound to develop in its own direction.
The proletariat is not born with the ability to distinguish between illusion and essence. In this way, the Marxist movement has the task of publicizing the scientific truths of Marxism and of convincing those who have overestimated the power of change.
To propagate the scientific truth of Marxism, to convince those who overestimate the power of change and underestimate their own power, and to fight against the influence of the foolishness of the proletariat.
etc. It is precisely because of such struggles that the Chinese Communists have been able to realize the general policy of building socialism more quickly and with more energy.
It was only because of such struggles that the Chinese Communists were able to put forward the general line of building socialism, the heroic slogan of going straight up and surpassing Britain in the next five years.

The power of the people is infinite. When we got down to putting the people and the masses to work, we soon realized that we would be able to catch up with Britain in the next five years.
We soon realized that the slogan of "catching up with Britain in the next five years" was in fact a slogan of the British Government. The slogan of catching up with Britain in 2005 is actually a bit backward. I don't know whether it was out of no fault of ours that the second newspaper failed to point out that our slogan had been used in this spirit.
whether it was out of sheer inadvertence that they failed to point out that our slogan was already on the floor of the Congress, "or in a much shorter time". June
On June 6, the People's Daily published a chapter by Comrade Zhang Zhenzhi, Minister of Coal Industry, stating that in 1959, China's coal production would reach or exceed two million tons.
-production would reach or exceed 240 million tons, while British coal production in 1977 totaled 120 million tons. Gang
The output of iron and other major industrial products will exceed that of Great Britain in much less time than in ten bans. For example, the seventh day of the month of
Tianmin Daily changed, just in the next year, and the Principality loss will be tens of thousands of new medium-sized hernia, just their iron production capacity mang will exceed two after ten thousand wax.
Their iron production capacity will exceed 20,000 tons, a figure one-third higher than that of the United Kingdom in 1957, when it produced 14,000 tons of iron.

This is more than one-third of the level of Britain's production in 1957.

Vegetable Britain to the gentlemen of the bridge to their good dreams. The sick tree is in front of ten thousand trees. In any case, China is herniating with no
In any case, China is herniating towards the specific goal of surpassing Britain in less than ten years. The great battle that the Chinese people are waging, the great battle that the Chinese people are waging, the great battle that the Chinese people are waging
The world significance of this great struggle of the Chinese people is obvious. All we need to do here is to point out that the Chinese people, who are so backward and are being pushed back, can do it.
What the Chinese people, so backward and oppressed, have been able to do, any backward and oppressed people in the world will surely be able to do as well. The first condition is the destruction of the masses.
The only condition is that the ruined masses must firmly believe in their own strength, unite to fight for a new life, and never bow to the imperialists.
never bow to the imperialists.

2 1958

| The year 1958 saw the integration of hydropower and electric power.
Hydroelectricity and electric power were combined, and communal industries blossomed in the townships.
Zhang Li Ru

(I)
Yongchun County is a mountainous county in Jinjiang Prefecture of Xiangjian Province, with many rolling hills, beaches and streams, and extremely abundant water resources.
Yongchun County is a mountainous county in the Jinjiang area of the province of Jinjiang. However, before liberation, it was a very poor place with low grain production.
On average, the county lacked crops for three months each year, and there was no industry in the county. After Hongye cooperativization in 1955, Yongchun County was transformed from a grain-deficit county to a food-deficit county.
After Hongye cooperativeization in 1955, Yongchun County jumped from a food deficit county to a food surplus county. The rapid development of agricultural production put forward the requirements for the development of local industry before us.
The Yongchun County Party Committee carried out the policy of local industry serving agriculture, and organized various kinds of small-scale industries in counties, townships and societies based on the masses.
Small-scale industries. So far, there are hydroelectric power plants, hydropower stations, joint factories, machinery, coal mines, iron ore, sulfur, and other industries in Yongchun County.

Mining, fertilizers, magnets and other factories and mines more than seventy. On average, there are more than two small-scale factories in each township, and there are more than a dozen in the whole county.

The wind has electric lights.

The development of local industry has played a great role in agriculture. The joint factory run by Hongye can process more than 30 kinds of agricultural and sideline products.
More than thirty kinds of agricultural and sideline products can be processed. In Huixian County, machinery has been introduced to a large proportion of the food, which alone saves 100,000 labor days.
This alone saves over 100,000 labor days. If we use the land for cultivation, we can cultivate over 25,000 acres of land. Cereals, ferns, and weighing cao in the past were used as
In the past, it was used as firewood, but now it has been spasmodically processed into a fine lead material. Only one Si to seven years of processing material that is more than one dry million kilograms, which can be
to raise 50,000 frozen hogs. The development of these series of industrial industry, greatly conducive to rural women from the heavy domestic labor in the
The development of these industries greatly facilitates rural women to free themselves from heavy housework and devote themselves to agricultural production. Therefore, they are very excited to say, "With the hydroelectric power station, women like it the most, they don't spring rice in hot days, and save grinding in healed days.
The women love the hydroelectric power station, which saves them from grinding rice on hot days and grinding on healed days", and "With the industry, it is the first liberation after the ten reforms.      -"The industry is the first to be liberated after the reforms.

The vigorous development of local industry in Yongchun County has greatly encouraged the masses to build up a better future for the Chinese socialist movement, and has greatly encouraged the masses to build up a better future for the Chinese socialist movement.
The development of local industries in Yongchun County made the masses more aware of the bright future of traditional Chinese culture and greatly encouraged them to build up the enthusiasm and vigor of traditional Chinese culture and further strengthened the cooperative system. In the past, farmers in the mountainous areas had no faith in the
In the past, the peasants in the mountainous areas were skeptical about the mechanization in the second area, they were: "Iron oxen can run in the plains, but they won't come up to the mountains to eat", "Other people want socialism, but we don't want to grow our own crops.
They were skeptical about mechanization. After the development of the local industry, they sang: "Out of the treacherous factory people's hearts and minds, the mountains and the rivers and mountains of the region are butterflies day by day.
The people's hearts are in the factory, the mountains and mountains are in the butterflies", and "After a lifetime of being a chu, I have never dreamed of today's good fortune". Some young men and women have
Some young men and women, who used to go to the city for "Carp's big bath, good fortune is not in the mountains", are now returning to the countryside.
The development of local industries is having a far-reaching impact on the countryside, and has begun to change the face of the mountainous areas from the economic, political and ideological perspectives.
The development of local industries is having a profound impact on the countryside and has begun to change the face of the mountainous areas in terms of economy, politics and ideology.
No. 2 * 283.

| | | | | | |
(II)

The road of industrial development of Yongchun County Diwan is mainly based on the first masses and citizens to run factories. Some comrades did not agree with this positive
Some comrades did not agree with this positive path, they thought that "agriculture is based on the masses, industry is run by the state", "to run an industry, the state has to take the money, and the masses have to work and take the responsibility, this is the viewpoint of the masses".
This is the view of the masses". After some radical arguments, this kind of wrong flavor was scolded, and the orthodox selling principle was victorious.
The needle got the victory. The fact that the joke is clear, do local industry is the masses of the pursuit of the Jie demand, therefore, in the county party committee puts forward the "powerful booklet
Therefore, after the county party committee put forward the slogan of "powerful booklet, loach investment, have material to offer material", it got the strong support from the masses, and formed a group of people everywhere.
The people organized a boom of industry everywhere. For example, the Meishan Agricultural Search organized a water and electricity joint processing plant with eighteen horsepower, equipped with a wait for rice, grinding wheat, and crispy rice.
Rice, wheat milling, crispy three machines, to the Ministry of construction of three fees spent more than a thousand dollars, the State did not take the points of women, the Agricultural Society Post a penny!
The park book, and your department is court by out of the Lu, Xia Li, apples material built. Afraid of the beach agricultural society's water power plant, a total of days to read the plant with.
All are built by the masses of their own hands, and under the only spend seventeen dollars to buy repair rest materials.

(iii)

A great difficulty in running local industries was the lack of technical force. Yongchun County technical force originally was very weak, the pack
There was only one technician in the secondary technical school in Yongchun County. However, they were self-motivated and overcame technical difficulties. Overcome the technical difficulties of Mei
They overcame the technical difficulties and built up their own technical team in the process of practicing. Now the mechanical, iron making, hydraulic, hydropower and so on have different levels of technical staffs.
Now, there are already one thousand technical staffs of different levels in Shuang and iron making, hydraulic, hydroelectric and so on. In less than two years, to put such a technical team
The first Qinqiqiu, what is the method used? This is, take the mass road net, in the practice of training, learning while working, more field
Qiaoye, short-term such as food, field visits, the old factory to help the new factory, the division but with apprenticeship, the old apprentice Fei new apprentice. This ice method is
More answer to link with practice, do in the learning, learning to do approach, is the fastest and best way to cultivate technical force. For example
In fact, as his county water, hydropower chief engineer Zheng Sheng Liu, this year only twenty-five Luo, the original only in junior high school
I mean to have a year in the melt, 10,000 expanding day year or an electrician apprentice, in the water Tun agent renewed class to learn alone in the middle of the year after, due to the
Bamboo spinning hard to study, people field construction exercise, quickly improve the technical level. He alone share temple without a larger plumbing and electrical engineering.
Program, after the flood test, let Ming did not plan and good. Another example is the agricultural tools factory mechanic Huang Ziduan, two years ago or a bed pin home
Furniture of wood, due to hard work in a hurry, learned the machine installation work, huge installation of more than twenty factories. Stain, Huang two people
are representatives of the newborn technical force, from their carbon can be seen on a native of the main growth, the ruler and specialized technical force
County is growing up quickly. Yongchun County Agricultural Tools Factory in 1956 in a Kangzhao era built a dilapidated sharp tube to build the factory.
Opened the nun only factory director, technician and apprentice a total of three people, hand to engage in a lathe, check the balance of thirteen thousand yuan, and later deep step by step to increase the number of
"Old master lathe" four stations and more than ten letters of labor. They began to turn over money scrap rate of more than two percent of the letter, but the difficulties did not put them down.
But the difficulties did not bring them down. The workers said: "Three Opsilonians have a Zhu Geliang, there is no good doctor to come to a group of doctors". That's how
In this way, relying on the wisdom and strength of the masses, they reduced the waste products to a fraction of the size. When the first water conveyor was made, even the non

"94 1858

| | | | | | |
Failure of a million styles, opened ten for the red "please misunderstand the district wrapped", pulp up on the tenth day of success. The above facts are due to the endless creativity of the laborers.
There is endless creativity in the laborers, as long as the idea is liberated, the direction is correct, do not know the technology can learn to receive the technology, the technology level is not high can be improved, at that time, the local community can be improved.
The level is not high can be improved, at that time the local technical problems can not be solved, can be invented to create suitable. People are from both sides of the fly to
One is to learn from books, and the other is to put into practice, and the two freezing stoves are the best way.
This is the best way.              |The best way to do this is to learn from books and practice.

The best way is to learn from books and practice.)

Water power and electric power roughly combined, small for qin" use, service agriculture, is Yongchun County, the characteristics of the local industry. The characteristics of local industry in Yongchun County are as follows
Hydropower, electric power is a combination of water and electricity is the use of water Tan source development of water power station, row and in the Puxiao multi-development of water power station on the basis of thirsty
The development of electric power station is a step forward. Although it is always recognized that the beach test, as long as there is water flow, make a storage cover, press in the turbine, hold on the belt, then it will become a water station, and then the water will be used as a power station.
With the help of a belt, it can be used as a power station. Such a water power station can be built not only in mountainous areas where there are rivers, but also in places where there are small deep streams.
This is the most stable power. This is the most stable power, people present it as "no cost, not exhaustive self-colored
This is the most stable power. Such a small water power station (and a matching bureau power to five or ten graves of this bureau power), can drive the processing of machinery, can be used to pump the river.
Used to pump water Jiangzhou, with generators and this long long electricity, so we when it is water power, hydroelectric power station. In the rural areas of common stand
After the establishment of hydroelectricity, how to expand the use of electricity, such as the use of electric power farming, WuShiTunGong type special, this is now before us a new comfort is the
This is a new problem in front of us, which must be solved gradually.

The hydroelectricity and hydropower of Shakai are mainly small-scale, so that they can blossom rapidly. Instead, as in the case of agriculture, we have set up
A water power station, is the use of two feet wide continental new ice province, made the flow of mold point three meters square, a little defeat meters of the fall cover, the power of two pi handsome force.
The power of two horsepower. It cost only one hundred and twenty-three dollars and was completed in three days. This small water power station drove
This small water-power station, driven by two machines, can produce more than 10,000 pounds of water in 40 days, and all of the water can be put into the test in one season.
Collect the map to. Small hydropower plants like this can be run not only by cooperatives but also by production teams.

After the construction of water power and hydropower, we must utilize them together and actively expand the scope of the dancing service. Yongchun, in addition to the large number of grain
In addition to the opening of the two materials, but also the use of water power to beat rice to beat only, the manufacture of granular fertilizers, Zang state ore, ramming sub-stems, water, oil, Lyric pharmaceuticals.
Recall oil, Lyric a pharmaceutical, as well as pumping water to irrigate chopsticks, and now they are trying to make electric bitter type.

(V)

In the process of practicing the policy of "facing the village, meeting the needs of farmers and serving the agricultural production", Yongchun County Agricultural Tools Factory created a new product line.
Yongchun County Agricultural Tools Factory created a set of revolutionary and popular working methods. They try to make "Zhou together * deep material
When they tried to make "Zhou together * deep material, straight in the steam have invited to the farmers, made a hundred finished products flow someone to, farmers face. "too full, heavy, on the big
The capital". Later, the trial production of "Yan two-type" class brown type, they must not be from the three miles "closed to make plow? but by the factory hair, technical
The staff hand with the pear everywhere Put farmers on the plow, "medical type of disease>. Farmers Luo have to put on the type, to the farmers; you try the next.
The first issue of "25.

| The farmer said, "I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
It doesn't matter if you break it. Because of the many consulting farmers, only too many decisions into the final made of deep plowing type is very popular, become a scorpion sales products.
The final deep plowing type was so popular that it became the product of scorpion sales. From then on, deep plowing in the field, please count the farmers, and hand over the products to the farmers to use, it has become this
The bribery factory produces all kinds of new agricultural tools of a kind of help regular system of false. Over the past years, they have produced 19 kinds of agricultural tools and machines.
They have produced 19 kinds of agricultural tools and machines for more than a year, and supplied more than two green machines and more than 1,000 pieces of new agricultural tools. These machines and implements are not only suitable for the needs of the masses, but also have a low cost.
They are not only suitable for the needs of the masses, but are also affordable and low-cost. The amount of paralyzed limbs was high, and they were used. Most of the machines they blamed were wooden, a
. Zhan quality two two spot Asian horse power water answer book worth more than a thousand dollars, while the wooden only one hundred and forty yuan, can be used for ten years. They also
Feng out of a race * package repair, package return, package replacement? The system. For example, in the past, the treadle recorder was not working well and was less efficient than the manual recorder.
The efficiency of the machine was lower than that of the manual machine, so the factory took back the seven machines that were sold at the original price and remodeled them, and the farmers were very pleased with them. Nowadays, the masses call this kind of
Nowadays, the public call this kind of factory "universal factory", and there are "universal machines" and "universal people" in this kind of factory. "Universal Man". The machine universal factory, is what agriculture needs
What is needed in agriculture is produced! The countryside universal machine, is the session of high utilization rate, the product more simplified; The Liu universal man, is the person less to do
The Liu universal man is a man with little work; he is a factory director and a manager, a worker and a class member, a laborer and a farmer; he processes during the day and counts at night, and he does everything.
They are workers and farmers, processing during the day, counting at night, and doing everything. Because of this, the products of these factories have very low cost and can serve the agriculture well and facilitate the Luozhong.
All counties, towns and cities should maintain and give full play to this advantage.

After more than a year of hard work, Yongchun County local industry has had a preliminary base gang, they plan to defeat in 1955
The year to establish days a hundred small factories and mines, basically do HanHuXian water power, water telephone
The total output of the industry exceeded more than one hundred percent of the output value of the Ministry of An vice industry, an increase of sixteen times over the total output value of the opening of the industry in nineteen ninety-seven.

Yongchun County local industry so can achieve such development, because they run the county's industry. They took the county agricultural
County agricultural tools factory as the core, to small coal cellar, small ironworks, small fertilizer factory as the backbone of the two into the law to bring LaBu township ZhuShe do industry, the source of the flowering of the ground.
This is a good way to develop county-run industry and Yu-run industry in a more, faster, better, and more economical way. We are in the process of public specialized
District to promote Yongchun County's Yuanboat, dual-precinct area this year plans to build 10,000 small hydroelectric power, hydroelectric power stations and attached to the Bureau of Joint Processing
Three, ahead of schedule in three years, the ocean now to the special area of water power, hydropower.

(The author is the first member of the CPC Phu Giang Committee in the province of Fujian.)

Leader of the Resistance Chen Sufferer

A mountain is full of water, a river is full of water, a field is full of water, a field is full of water, a field is full of water, a field is full of water, a field is full of water.

A waterwheel is like a dragon's tail. Each dragon king is so angry that he's not happy at all.

A pair of wise hands is inserted into the water to enjoy, "a Gan Qian secret to take and in.

A stream of water like soup flowers fly; a field of crops Ling Zhengmei.

(Japonica: The author is a member of the Hubei Province's Jaeger-LeCoultre model, and the author is a member of the Hubei Province's Jaeger-LeCoultre model.

The faces of the ghosts are shining brightly, and the whole world is in a state of flux.
"26. 1958

Plans to make the pseudo-county laborers by one day in sixty-two

| | | | | | |
Seven from the land per person
It can also become a grain society, Fuyong society
Cs

Whether or not the small land and many people's agricultural stalks can become YuZaoHeYu, tolerance, this is the Guangdong Province Shibu Shan plain area withered most of the
This is the most prominent problem for most of the agricultural cooperatives in the Shibu Shan Plain area of Guangdong Province. This question, in the past, some people have commissioned Kwai, some people worry about, now Chaoan County Chenqiao
Agricultural harvest Zhu has answered this question with facts.

Chenqiao society is a big one in Chaoshan Janyuan, with five households and 4,173 people, but they are not very big.
The area of arable land occupied by them is very small, with an average of only seven cents of land per person. Axis for the initial period of high regulation relocation, the autumn surplus labor force of nine hundred days
fifteen people. Therefore, some people thought that it was good to enter the commercial level, that is, there was a way out for the laborers. They regarded the large number of people as a "package".
They thought of the large number of people as a "package". The fact that there are so many people is a bad thing, but in fact it is a favorable factor, and at the same time, it also takes advantage of the fact that Xishou is located in a subtropical area.
The Xishou location in the subtropics was also utilized to solve the problem of "fewer land and more people". After the spear, the production greatly advanced this
The solution to this problem was the implementation of the "good land" and "many people" policy. The way to solve the problem is to implement a reasonable farming system such as seeding, replanting, interplanting, and crowding in Xiamochi, so that there is "no rest, and the land is always called "land".
There is no rest, and the help year is often called", "not an inch of soil is blocked, and a piece of deer is not imitated". There are only three dry - hundred leaking seven troops in each of the public cultivated land, but they are in the process of "no rest, no rest, no rest".
In 1957, due to the improvement of the replanting index, the actual planting items in two years were ten thousand fogs, nine hundred and ten seasons, and the utilization rate reached
The utilization rate was more than 350 percent. Together with their many kinds of help camps, development and landing, a Si Tuo seven years to more than 15 percent of the average net income per person.
The average net income of each person was one hundred and ten yuan, which exceeded the level of the local upper and middle class peasants and the pre-temple chickens (one hundred and fifty yuan).
The average net income of each person was one hundred and ten dollars, exceeding the level of the local upper and middle class farmers and the former chicken women of the temple "one hundred and fifty dollars and fifty cents. In 1955, there was a shortage of 12 square dozens of cooking stoves, a shortage of 240,000 pounds of grain in the first five years, and a shortage of 10,000 pounds of grain in the seventh year.
In the seventh year, there was a shortage of foodstuffs of one million pounds, but this year, not only can we recover ourselves, but we can also sell one million pounds of foodstuffs, which is the first year that this plan can be realized.
This plan can be realized this year. Therefore, it has not only become Xuanrongfu, but also Yuzaozhu.

In the past, the farmers in Chenqiao She had the luxury of fully utilizing their land, but it was difficult to promote and maximize the use of their land under the condition of individual Yuzhi.
However, under the condition of individual income, it was difficult to popularize and maximize the use of the land. Only after the coarse grain start to demand, can it really do * inch of land, four Xing Party
Green". Their methods are mainly as follows.

(A reasonable loss of plowing for seed replanting, the implementation of double-sided winter planting. Doing so can make the crops fully absorb the temple officials
The various kinds of fertilizer in the. The way to lose the plowing and replanting is to put rice, Chinese head, and sugarcane and other crops in four years to cycle bolting planting once, so that all kinds of water time crop seed qua
This will enable the various water time crops to be organically coordinated, which not only increases production but also improves the soil. The international bridge flower
Yuan donkey, the general order of seed loss for the first year of spring planting for dry rice, the second year for the time and or jute, the third year for taro, the fourth year for taro.
Phase 2 = 27.

| | | | | | |

In the fourth year, it was sugarcane or early rice. The experience of the Chenqiao society shows that the water dahua in the case of the government's loss of seeds is better than that of the water boat which is planted year after year in a row.
Field, each transfer of realm yield again and again about fifty pounds. Repeated planting and winter planting were also carried out under the seed transfer system. All the societies adopted the system of
With the adoption of a plowing and replanting system and the adoption of various measures, the permitted output of water in 1957 was 1,131 catties 〈Originally, it should have been about 1,400 catties, but it was not.
In 1957, the permitted yield of water was 1,131 catties (it should have been about 1,400 catties, but the yield of 500 catties per mu was reduced due to the fact that there were more than 100 mou of rice planted in the station), and in 1958 it was expected to reach 1,700 catties.
In 1958, the yield was expected to reach 1,700 catties.

(I) Implementing sun planting. This is to take full advantage of the people, grass to maximize the site potential of effective measures. Can be carried out
Interplanting is practiced on four crop sites. Plus the brown headland! The four vegetable glory land, plus sugarcane land, plus brown head land! A taro field, a taro field, a taro field, a taro field, a taro field, a taro field, a taro field.
The first year's crop can be planted in the first year's crop at the time of planting, and the second year's crop can be planted in the first year's crop at the time of planting. When planting the first year's crop, you can plant the taro field's beds with
Quarto, onions, cucumbers, winter not, mustard and other crops. This method of planting makes it possible to have seven crops in a row of land in a year.
have seven kinds of crops in a year. The output value of these crops can be adjusted to earn a hundred and twelve dollars, and after deducting the cost, there can still be grain
After costs are deducted, there will be a grain harvest of nearly forty dollars.             .

(iii) Practicing catching and squeezing crops. "Catching crops? It is the practice of farming in an ill-conceived cabin. Such as the early rice harvest, collapsed on the planting of tomato
Between or hollow vegetable, hollow tea, book vines harvested after green planting late rice, late rice harvested immediately after the planting of winter small, which and can be
do four styles a year. "Squeeze crop? Is in the late growth of the previous crop to implement the parasitic seedling crowded planting. Such as in the big head of the land to protect planting base
After pulling out the seedling, the seedling is already spitting, and the quasi-border is turned into eggplant all of a sudden. Another example is the late ruthless will be harvested before the repulsive pole wheat land puff.

Chen Fenghuang again in the implementation of this series of advanced farming system, not only the development of hunji crops, and increased income, more
The important thing is that over the past few years have been in the case of continuous improvement of the replanting index, expanding the rice-based grain crop farming
The area of rice-based grain crop cultivation has been expanded over the years with continuous improvement in the replant index. In this area, before liberation, almost all of them planted spasmodic crops, before the transition to high level of entry, the area of half of the crops accounted for
Gray land area of about ten percent days; to 1957, due to the high replanting index, rice breakage to sixty percent, while the Yuanji crop area.
Sixty, and Yuan Ji crop area of the four pairs of wells not alkali less, but the proportion of the area is reduced to 40 of my points. Imitate the year of water
Rice area has been ten to seven percent sand and in the planning of double-season stable south yield of one in seven hundred pounds, which makes how many years are the lack of furnace
Chen reform, into a surplus of grain Chen straight

Chen Feng Zhi in the line
Promoted the industry in the early miles, Zeng child

After the salt farming system, not only in agriculture. The increase in production and income, sober favor greatly
Helped many kinds of Luo Ying's long development. Only in 1957, due to the many crop

Diversification, its harvest of all kinds of glory Portuguese and cocoon, blue leaves used to do pig breeding materials for the Xing up to 700,000, in addition to feeding .

In addition to feeding the pigs, there was still a surplus, so they expanded their pig breeding program to 14,000 pigs in the following year.
The sour distillery and the cordon bleu system are made from home-grown crops, and in the past two years, they have been producing only this industry, which is the only one in the world.
Only knee system this policy industry, each year there are more than 10,000 yuan of income.
Chenqiao Zhu because seize to solve the "little land and many people" this key problem, the potential power of the people and the land to spread super.
Not only can they and their members increase their income (they are planning to increase their income this year to 1200 yuan per person, an increase of 27% over last year), but they can also increase their income to 10,000 yuan per person, an increase of 27% over last year.
This year, they plan to have an average income of $122 per person, an increase of 27% over last year), but also greatly increase the public accumulation of income. By 1957, they had accumulated fourteen million dollars.
"By 1957, they had accumulated 14 years' worth of income.

| They have already accumulated fourteen million dollars by 1957.
In the next three years, they will be able to increase the public surplus to a total of one million dollars.

Chen Fengshe's facts are a powerful blow to then kind of right-eyed conservative arguments. The cancer is "the more the land is planted, the more the land is first", "the more the land is used, the more the land is used". There is a certain limit to the power of the land.
There is a certain limit to the power of the land"; all of them are completely unfounded. The fact of Chenqiao Shou shows that the more the land is weighed, the fatter it gets, and it proves that there is no limit to the strength of the land.
It proves that there is no limit to the power of the earth. The fact that the land of Chenqiao Shou has become more and more fertile can be proved by the figures of Zhu Nianfu's output, which is based on scientific evidence.
This is scientific evidence. For example, since more green materials were produced and more pigs were raised, there was more fertilizer, which in turn made the land more fertile.
Because of the four seasons of the year, there are also interplanting, put these crops in the same field, but also greatly contribute to the fertilizer of the land.
The fertilizer of the land is also greatly contributed to the fertilizer of the land. The planting of seeds itself includes the function of changing the soil, plus the artificial improvement of the soil in order to make the crops grow better.
In addition, in order to make the crops grow better, the soil was manually improved, which made the land more and more fertile. Chenqiao Ji's utilization of the land in 1957 was raised by two people.
This year they are preparing to plant taro on the land. This year, they are going to replant taro land and plant kale, fertilizer and cucumber in the early fields, so that the utilization of the land will reach four quarters of the total area.
This is a challenge to those comrades with right-leaning conservative views.
This is a challenge to those comrades who have right-leaning conservative views. We believe that it is not a long way to increase land utilization to 100 percent or seven percent.

The facts under Chenqiao can also prove that seven percent of the land can not only feed a person, but also have more than enough chaff and sugar. 19th
Fifty-seven years the card in the loss of seed system, hernia seed problem =, has not yet done to give full play to the land utilization rate, so Xian seven points more land
It is only possible to feed one person. However, the yield of some of the land that has fully utilized its potential is averaged at 1,000 to 1,300 kilograms of grain per south.
The average grain yield is 1,000 to 1.3 kilograms, and with the addition of hand-planted crops, it is more than 2 kilograms. 700,000 kilograms of green crops are used to feed 1,500 pigs.
In addition, a person who has five cents of land can have a large amount of grain per year and a large amount of money to pay for his transportation to Jeju.
A person who has five cents of land can have an income of more than one hundred catties of grain and a total of more than one hundred dollars of other crops each year. That's how much a person can earn on five cents of land.
This is only the 1957 version. After the realization of the 1955 plan, four cents of land will be almost enough. We have proposed that in two years' time, three cents of land will be enough to feed a person.
In two years' time, three cents of land will be enough to feed a person. This is a great opportunity for those who want to feed a person with one quintal of land to do so.
This is another strong rebuke to those comrades who need more or less land to feed a person.

Through the facts of the Chen Wo She, we have come to realize more deeply what Comrade Liu Shao-tsin mentioned in his work report at the first session of the *"National People's Congress", namely, that "the people's livelihood of the people of China has been reduced to a minimum".
The work report of the *"National People's Congress" mentioned that "we only see that people are consumers, and that more people consume more feces, but we do not first see that people are producers, and that more people are likely to produce more.
If there are more people, there is a possibility of producing more and accumulating more." How wrong and harmful is this viewpoint. When Chen Qiao Xu started
When Chen Qiao Xu started, he was worried about the fact that there were too many people and too little land, but now he is arguing every day that there is not enough labor. The fact is clear, it is because they have more people, so they are
It is because they have many people that they have been able to raise the rate of land profitability by four to ten percent this year, and have figured out a way to make the land in the city purple to support a person, so that the public accumulation of bamboo can be increased by four to ten percent this year.
It is only because of their large number of people that the land profitability rate has increased by 4% to 10% this year. In this way, as long as the manpower is fully utilized, the production will be greatly developed and the consumption will be increased.
The problem of consumption can be solved if production is greatly developed by fully utilizing manpower. The problem of overpopulation and the difficulty of having a large population and a small amount of land will be solved. The problem of overpopulation is not a problem at all.
The problem of overpopulation and the difficulty of having a large population and a small amount of land can be solved.

(The last two Phi: the author of this article is the first CPC Guangdong Province Chaoan County Party Committee Misheng)

The second of its . 29.

| The author of this article is the First Secretary of the Chaoan County Committee of the Communist Party of Guangdong Province.

A Great Leap Forward in Production with New Farming Tools
Shidao Duo

Daman County, Shaanxi Province, like all parts of the Principality, is now in the midst of a great leap forward in agricultural production.
is in the midst of a great leap forward in agricultural production. This
tide is manifested in the development of water conservancy, fertilizer accumulation
and movements, but also the recently formed mass movement to reform agricultural tools.
and also in the recently formed mass movement to reform agricultural tools.

After the agrarian reform movement, there will be examples of the reform of agricultural tools.
After the land reform movement, there were instances of reforming farm implements in Sokai; in the cooperative agricultural movement, such instances have been increasing by and by.
In the cooperative agricultural movement, the number of such cases has been increasing by the day. The reason for this is that our local cadres used to work in the past.
Our local cadres had the idea of waiting for the tractor to be built by the state, which was not a good idea for the peasants to create their own farms.
The idea that the peasantry has created and invented. Invention. Improvement of agricultural tools.
In the last fall and winter In the fall and winter of last year's water conservancy campaign, the masses created a lot of tools to ensure that the public-owned 30,000 square meters in the upper counties.
The masses created a lot of tools to ensure that the public-owned Upper County 30
days, which ensured that the public-owned fields were planted on time, further raising our awareness of the need to improve agricultural tools.
The sores of improved agricultural tools were further improved. Later, I listened to Mr. Mao Zedong's speeches on the Reform of Farming.
Mao Zedong's instructions on the reform of the agricultural movement, we realized that
In order to realize the mechanization of agriculture, we should start from the actual situation of our country.
Starting from the actual situation of our country, we should follow the path that the masses have already begun to take, that is.
from improving existing farm implements to gradually moving to the path of mechanization.
The road to mechanization. The county party committee studied the problem of improving agricultural tools and proposed to the masses that they should "fight hard for a year, and then improve their agricultural tools".
The county committee proposed to the masses that they should "fight hard for one year to realize the mechanization of the soil fence". The slogan of the county committee was "mechanization".
The slogan "mechanization" refers to the use of improved jilixiao, handmade machines, and natural machines.
mechanization" refers to the use of improved jili-koji, handmade machines, natural power machines, etc.), and a mass movement was quickly formed.
A mass movement was formed. It was also a mass movement that led to the mechanization of various agricultural leases.
In addition to carpenters, ironworkers, and those capable of improving agricultural tools, the
In addition to the mobilization of the agricultural sector, the townships, the Shogunate, and the military were also mobilized.

The government also organized a mass movement to promote the development of agriculture.

Students, young and old, men and women all joined in the improvement of agricultural tools.
All of them participated in the reform and improvement of agricultural tools. Zhang Fanwa, who is in his fifties in Yachao
Zhang Fanwa, who used to be an activist for improving agricultural tools.
In the past, Zhang Fanwa had been very critical of the activists in improving agricultural tools, and now he has also added the Ash Extractor
The dome is loaded. In just seven days, Jiexiang made and imitated twelve kinds of tools.
The Yangcun and Su Fian said that before July 1, they were going to realize the "king mechanization".
The current general situation is that At present, the general situation is that there are inventions every day and creations in every township.
invention, townships have created, the first pair have improved, all kinds of living
There are new tools for every kind of work. According to the incomplete and Portuguese search, in addition to the rising
wheat harvester, the "taro car", the "twenty train", the "twenty train", the "twenty train", the "twenty train", the "twenty train", the "twenty train" and the "twenty train". The new tools include the wooden double-transportation
In addition to the wooden double-transmission and double-house type, improved agricultural tools have already been tested and succeeded, and the number of new tools has been increasing by the end of this year.
The number of improved farm implements has increased from 54 in late March to 100 in late January.
The number of improved agricultural tools has increased from 54 in late March to 121 in late January, and 34,000 pieces have been popularized.
The number of improved agricultural tools has increased from 54 types in late March to 121 types in late January, and 34,000 pieces have been popularized. Among them were waterless irrigation, plowing, transportation
tools for irrigation, plowing, transportation, and processing of agricultural by-products.
In the area of farming, there are new agricultural tools for everything from land preparation to harvesting.
only. Most of these agricultural tools are wooden, simple to make, easy to use, and easy to use.
simple, easy to use, not too many loaches, fast and easy for the

accepted by the masses.
The popularization of improved macro tools has greatly reduced the farmers'
heavy physical labor and saved a lot of labor power.
labor. For example, 10 percent of the water land in Shangshangxiang County, except for the Chiguang District, was saved by the adoption of various water
Except for the Puguang district, the adoption of various kinds of water
The number of laborers saved was 600,000, and the number of laborers Fertilizers are applied in Shengxian County in a year, and it takes one million workers to apply them.
The number of laborers required for fertilizer application in Shengxian County is one million, but now it takes at most 40,000 laborers.
The year of 953

| | | | | | |
"A labor will do. The labor days saved by the use of new tools in Yingxian County are at least three and a half million.
The number of labor days saved by using the new tools is at least 3.5 million, which has solved the problem of labor shortage in ten percent of the districts in the Great Leap Forward.
In the big leap forward in the production and the labor shortage of ten percent of the area.
The new tools have saved at least three and a half million labor days. After spreading the existing improved agricultural tools, it is also possible to
increase the production of grain and goods. In the first five years after the tide had fallen, a new type of wooden sowing machine was created.
The creation of wooden rows of strips sowing memories of sowing 5,500 acres of
Wheat, mu yield of five hundred pounds, than the Zhuo state children planted per lei territory
yield one hundred and fifty pounds. If the average yield of the public county increases by
fifty catties of culm, it will be able to produce twenty-seven million halls. The use of
Using wooden cotton sowing machine, each mine can increase the production of ten halls, the double
County 170,000 tons of cotton fields harshly increased production of seventeen thousand analyzed flowers.

Improvement of agricultural tools is the urgent demand of the masses. and in the hands of
The new socialist peasants, who control their own destiny, urgently
seek to develop agricultural production more quickly and economically. However, the farming tools used by small
producers are using farm implements that are not compatible with the demands of large-scale production after cooperativeization.
The farming tools used by small producers are incompatible with the demands of large-scale production after cooperativeization and with the demands of the great leap forward in agricultural production.
It is not compatible with the demand for a great leap forward in agricultural production. It is in this context that the reform of agricultural tools among the masses is taking place.
It was under these circumstances that the activity of reforming agricultural tools among the masses developed.
But in order to improve farm implements quickly and economically, and to achieve rapid results
quickly, it is necessary to form a broad mass movement.

First of all, it is necessary to break the mystical view and actively support the creativity of the masses.
The creation of the masses. Changing the disk and macro tools are invented and created by ordinary peasants.
The mass of the "live blame class>," "Sai Shuge" is very
There are many of them, and their endless wisdom and talents have been brought into full play in the new
They have given full play to their endless wisdom and talents in the new society, and they are now able to give full play to them.
They are no longer worried about their own inventions and creations.
They no longer worry that their inventions and creations will be "useless if they succeed, or that they will lose all their money if they fail". However, they...

However, they often get another kind of retreat and pressure in their invention and invention activities.
and pressure. Some people laugh at them for "spitting! The word "bucket" is not a stone, but also come up with what strange ah, people who have learned two.
not a stone, still want to come up with what strange ah, have learned two people

There are so many of them, so what do they come up with?" "It's against the rules.
Issue 2

What do you want to improve, can change should, other factories have long changed
The peanut peeling machine and the calcium grass machine created by Gongchao Yiren, the first design did not succeed, some people Hengli.
The peanut peeling machine and calcium grass machine created by Gongchao Yiren, the first design did not succeed, some people Hengli.
"Specialized people to the sun east mountain back to the west can, drink on the read the water into sweat, labor production.
They are working hard to produce the products; they are more than one, they are more than one, they are more than one, they are more than one.
They are kicking the wood badly! "Under these circumstances, the virtuous members of the Reformed Peasant Communist Party
Under these circumstances, the virtuous members of the Reformed Peasant Communists also had three fears: "those who are outraged outside," "those who are stabbed outside," and "those who are not in the same boat.
The three fears were: "to be hit by the angry prick", "to be afraid of losing face", and "to be afraid of losing their labor if they were useless".
Some of those who tried to reform agricultural tools often drove in no one's
place, behind people's backs to study, Mao Zhi Yun parents, children and
Wife is also the same day not grass. Therefore, it is important to break down the
Therefore, it is important to break the idea of belittling the creativity of the working people and the secretive view of the technology, and to develop the creativity of the masses.
Therefore, breaking the idea of belittling the creativity of the laboring people and the secretive view of technology is the first step in developing the creativity of the masses. In addition to this, it is necessary to strengthen the creativity of the masses by
In addition to strengthening the masses' creativity by various means, it is more important to support the masses' inventions and creations with practical actions.
It is more important to support the inventions and creations of the masses with practical actions. Over the past few years
We meet every new agricultural tools appear, and all by the county and township
Party and government leaders in charge of the comrades in person to Mang cancer, encouragement, designate a special person
Research Rose, or rent food to visit, cum rent to support the

Popularization, bud will collect good agricultural tools as the increase in production evaluation and total wa

production as one of the contents of the evaluation and total wa production structure. In supporting the inventions of the masses
creativity, the townships that are often in direct contact with the masses have a great deal to do with the attitude of their cadres.
The attitude of the township cadres, who are often in direct contact with the people, is very important. Cadres at the township level must
support the inventors and creators of inventions and creations by providing them with assistance at all times, removing difficulties and providing them with the necessary care and facilities.
help, remove difficulties, and provide the necessary care and facilities.
Whether a piece of agricultural equipment is good or bad, and whether it can be used in large quantities or not, should also be identified by the masses.
Whether a piece of agricultural equipment is good or bad, and whether it can be used in large quantities or not, should also be appraised by the masses.
If a tool is recognized by the public as good or bad, it should be popularized. In the past, I have been
In the past, I have been too busy in this area, and there are too many rules and regulations, and the masses have created some new agricultural tools.
Some new agricultural tools created by the masses, the group and help the relevant technicians or sec
When we went to the relevant departments for timing, we were not considered "not cooperative
The government has not been able to answer any of these questions for one or two years.
The new tools are not considered as "uncooperative", but they are not answered for one or two years.

| The
The system. Sticky fruits hurt the enthusiasm of the masses, so that the change of base agricultural tools can not be rapidly popularized.
The tools could not be rapidly popularized.

Secondly, the creation of hair angle activities of advanced people must l

must be in perfect harmony with the masses. Those who are ahead of others
The creation of the advanced person should be supplemented and developed by the masses.
The first is to use the experience of the general public to supplement and develop it. In the study of the vanilla machine, a kind of Chechow's unique design was developed by the masses.
The public's discussion led to the formulation of fifteen proposals, which led to the rapid introduction of the steel stamp machine.
The machine came out quickly. In the slow exhibition of rough agricultural tools, bribery, and the various downtown
During the on-site meetings, the public was mobilized to discuss and answer questions and to propose rationalizations.
This is a way to seek collective wisdom to improve the machine and improve the agricultural tools.
This is a good form of seeking collective wisdom to improve and perfect the improved agricultural tools. Feng Leyuan I
The branch of Lan Junrui built a powerful waterwheel.
When the masses visit, they can't stop and can't move.
He and some comrades after a central Xue's
 Into the study, changed to remember the county pedal two can waterwheel, it becomes "have a
can also stop, no bureau can also move> of the water. Recently, the provincial
The provincial committee held a meeting in Dali to improve the farms, and the forty-eight rationalizations were presented on the spot.
The forty-eight rationalization proposals put forward on the spot were all accepted.
. Improved agricultural tools will continue to be improved through the production practice of the general public.
constantly get the political improvement. The peanut foraging machine made by Dangchao Yisha is better than the peanut peeling machine made by Weifang.
Peanut skinning machine is six measures more effective than the scraping tool that was put to death.
Last year, Zhang hometown Hesheng four societies in the punishment of the machine parts on the addition of genus
car, higher than the tired of the skin-rolling tool can be several generations of service, after the
After that, the first society also improved the machine on the basis of the improvement of the four culms in Zhang Zhaoshao Hefeng.
On the basis of and longitudinal change of this yinzi, to achieve the rest of the abdominal skin process are using
This is much more efficient than the traditional skin-rolling tools, and reduces the risk of breakage of the skin.
The peanut quality and oil yield have been improved by lowering the breakage rate and powder rate.
The peanut quality and oil yield. The masses say "peanut stock skin
The peanut peeling machine is the first one in the taro machine, and it can produce one peanut peeling machine a day.
Fangtai, Beijing city to put on the list?

Re-can, tightly combined with the production, vigorously promote. The purpose of the

e32.

Image, and labor between the various trades

Before, the usefulness of improved agricultural tools in saving manpower and labor, and in carrying high payloads, had been proved beyond doubt.
in saving man's labor, and in carrying high loads, was proved beyond doubt. However, in the promotion of
Xiamen is not a place where there are ideological obstacles to its popularization. Some people are so enthusiastic in creating and inventing
Some people are interested in creating inventions and neglecting to promote them.
and taro name, the old system, refused to imitate; there are also people who are interested in
To three or five years to achieve agricultural mechanization, they are worried about the improvement of the
Good agricultural tools "three years and two years to scrap? These all affect
These all affect the rapid popularization and production of improved agricultural tools and must be
We have used the following methods to promote the rapid spread and production of improved agricultural tools. We have adopted the following methods: visiting with the organizing committee, holding on-site meetings, and making calculations.
We used the methods of visiting the organizing committee, holding on-site meetings, and making comparisons, to understand the relationship between popularization and creation.
For example, the relationship between the promotion of improved agricultural tools and the increase of production was clarified.
The relationship between improved agricultural tools and mechanization is also clear, as well as the relationship between improved agricultural tools and mechanization after the mechanization of agriculture.
After the mechanization of agriculture, improved agricultural tools are also indispensable.
In fact, some of the improved agricultural tools currently in use will not be useless in the future.
In fact, some of the improved agricultural tools currently in use will not be useless in the future. For example, the Dongfanghong First and Second Societies have created the three-row wheat sowing machine which can be used for sowing one row of wheat.
The three-ware system for sowing a row of wheat has been popularized in the irrigation area of Puyuan.
It has been popularized in the irrigation area Puyuan. This alone has increased the land use area by more than
more than 13,000 mu, can increase the production of grain 200 days and two million
The This agricultural training will not be lost even after mechanization.
It will not lose its effect even after mechanization. As the people said, "The small size of the planting area is very useful, and mechanization will make it more useful in the future.
In the future, mechanization will increase the production. Extension
Improvement of farmers, must be closely integrated with the current production. At present
There are many kinds of improved agricultural tools, which make it very
Quickly change the egg into Lou, trips should be based on the local situation at that time.
Seize a few kinds of improved agricultural tools with universal significance, and popularize them in stages and batches.
We have recently combined with the Recently, we combined with the only harvest recommendation
preparation work, we are popularizing improved harvesting, transportation and inspection tools.
We have recently combined the work of recommending and preparing for the harvest with the promotion of improved agricultural tools for harvesting, transportation, and inspection. As the movement to improve agricultural tools
and labor production has increased, the original demand for agricultural tools has fallen behind the average of the new pre-colonial period.
labor force lagged behind the pre-New York average.

| The labor force was not as large as it had been before the new era.
Adjusting labor quotas in a timely and appropriate manner is the key to the success of the movement.
This is an important issue for the people to improve their agriculture and to develop their production.
We are now in the process of completing this task. We are in the process of completing this.
The movement for reforming agricultural tools is designed to be integrated with technological, gynecological and chemical engineering.
The movement aims at combining technology and chemistry. Under the influence of the reform of agricultural tools, the majority of the peasantry, including young and middle-aged people, have become more active in the field of agriculture.
farmers, especially the young and strong, have become more eager to learn chemistry and technology, and they and their families have become more eager to learn chemistry and technology.
The demand for chemical technology has become more pressing, they and Jian worried about the book, to expand to ensure the conditions of
conditions, return to the Zhan period to mediate the female real sailor, the deadline to learn the
technology. Technical research group, technical night school also front jumped up to

They have also started. All the societies have set up technical night schools and technical research groups.
The rural areas are also seeing the emergence of a In the countryside, there is a growing trend of temporary feminization and science and technology.
The technological and cultural revolutions were the culmination of the The technological revolution and the cultural revolution are bean
They are mutually influencing and promoting each other.
Only by combining them well can we better push the agricultural reform movement to new heights.
The revolution of agricultural tools reform movement could be pushed to a new high level.
The author is a member of the Communist Party of China (CPC).
The author of this article is a member of the Communist Party of China (CPC) in Dali County, Shaanxi Province.

A young man turned a diesel engine into a tractor.

All

Li Sheng and root is Shanxi each Xiechang County Chengguan Renwangrong agricultural cooperation
Kasa's Communist Youth League sores XiJi, high school students. He was appointed as a diesel driver in the
He was appointed as the diesel fuel hand of this cooperative in 2003, and because of his work and learning efforts, he is now elected as the technical expert of the cooperative.
Efforts, now calcium elected as a cooperative Qi's technology has long. He has been nurtured by the Party's
Under the Party's support, he has become a skilled diesel mechanic and a good mechanic after a long period of hard work.
He has become a skillful diesel engine mechanic and a young technical innovator.

Li Shenggen's modification of the tractor began last winter.
In the name of the party and agricultural production into the new situation of the big gulden
He drummed up the fine air, the great Zhuo Di up problem, for the cooperation into the labor force.
Animal power is not enough difficulties, confused to recruit a rich can only be added to the alley, the second land of the
A five-start diesel engine was converted into a tractor capable of two kinds of agricultural work.

In the process of converting the tractor, Mr. Li was faced with many difficulties.
He had a lot of difficulties in converting the tractor. He overcame the difficulties with strong ten vigor and courage.
He had studied mechanical engineering and did not know how to draw, so he thought and drew, and looked and saw.
He would think, draw, and do while he was looking at the diagrams and making changes. He had to work very hard in order to change the method of this
He made a lot of hard work to change this machine, so he went to the annex and the nearby penal institutions and watched them.
He would go to the nearby penal stations to watch the construction of tractors and automobiles, and study the principles of vehicle installation and rotation.
He was also interested in studying the principles of the installation and the rotation of the vehicle. When there was no time in the day, he would spend the night at night; when there was no time outside, he would spend the night at night.
When there is no time in the day, he spends the night; when there is no butcher's material outside, he picks it up everywhere; when he sees material and does not know how to process it, he picks it up everywhere.
When he could not process the materials, he looked for young blacksmiths such as Li Dekuan and Guo Zhendong to work with him.
He also found a young blacksmith, Li Dekuan, and Guo Zhendong, who had been working together for many years. In this way, the creation of the hard work and hard
In this way, the creators worked hard for more than ten thousand days without spending a penny, and they were able to get the money in this year.

Issue 2

The meeting

Got this tractor converted in late March. It used to be a machine that only
In the past, it was a machine that could only be used for planting seeds in the morning, but now it has become a machine that can do more than two kinds of work, such as silica work, irrigation,
fall, flower, flour milling, grain lifting and
It is now a small tractor that can do more than two kinds of work. The work that it can do in one tongue is
Plowing two acres of land, or loafing ten acres of land, or 10,000 acres of grain.
ping, or two thunderbolts of land, or twelve hundred pounds of grass, or one hundred ping of flowers, or one hundred ping of noodles.
The next 50 pings, or 100 catties of flour; the pan to the material can eat three to fourteen per hour, and each load weighs two thousand pounds.
Fourteen, every happy load of two thousand pounds or more. That's why they call it a "square tractor".
"Founder's Tractor".

The success of the modified tractor, such as Ground Sangen, alarmed the neighbors.
Nearby cooperation certificate male and female members of the community and to the county urban and rural masses, especially to the courageous
Female youths counted vigorously. When Li Sheng cabinet even boasted to have been able to hand-modify the
The "all-purpose tractor" was installed. When Li boasted that he had modified the "universal tractor", which could be used in villages, roads and fields, he was met with a great deal of enthusiasm.
When Li boasted about his "universal tractor", he was warmly welcomed by the people and villagers who came to visit him.
The tractor was warmly welcomed and praised by the people and villagers who came to see it and visit it. Many people from organizations and factories went to learn how to use the tractor and were ready to promote it.
to learn how to play the machine and prepare for its popularization.

The Xieka County Committee attached great importance to this reform and gave great support to it.
support, and decided to convert the diesel engines of 200 people in the county into small tractors.
small tractors. If this is realized, then the whole county cooperation and society in the
In a short period of time, without spending many pounds, can increase the number of
One and more than four horse power of the bomb through the conversion of small farming, transportation machinery.
machinery.

.33.

| | | | | | | | |
Finding sources, digging for potential.
Doing a good job of sourcing for Ancun
Yang Yibei

Under the guidance of the Party, the people of the two countries, through the reorganization of the movement, revitalization of the socialist construction centered on industrial and agricultural production, the commercial work of the world with the great leap forward in industrial and agricultural production is leaping forward.
Destruction of the high involved, commercial work with the industrial and agricultural production of the Great Leap Forward and is leaping forward. The vast number of workers in the commercial sector in each
Fox Party committees, launched a campaign of big purchases and sales, support for production, collaboration with all parties, improvement of service attitude, streamlining of organizations and improvement of labor efficiency; the commercial sector also launched a campaign to improve the efficiency of labor.
Beijing has developed into a city that is making public and reasonable adjustments to its commercial network; many urban industrial and mining districts are working with the relevant departments to make positive arrangements for the development of the commercial sector.
Beijing has developed to the commercial network for the public rationalization of many urban industrial and mining section is actively arranging the production base of foodstuffs in cooperation with the relevant departments. All this will help to further change the face of commercial work.
The face of commercial work will be further changed. However, at present, among the commercial workers, there still exists the problem of how to support and promote production.
There are still different ways of supporting and promoting production among commercial workers.

One kind of people thinks that commercial work is "doing business" and only focuses on what is produced and what is acquired. The only way to support production is to buy what you produce, which is the same as supporting production.
Production, the production is the production department of the station, the commercial sector can be completely public regardless. Therefore, he only considered buying and selling.
Sell, do not study the production situation, do not care and assist the state in all aspects of coarse grain production work, but passive, passive, waiting for goods to come to the door, waiting for customers to come to the door.
Instead, he was passive, waiting for goods to come to his door and customers to come to his door.

Another kind of person is, in order to support the production, not only what Jie produces and acquires, but also actively and positively
Coordination of the production department is ashamed to carry out planning and rent into the production, do everything possible to find the source, control according to the tour force, to do from less to more, from nothing to something, straight to useless.
From nothing to something, from useless to useful, from waste to wealth.

I am opposed to the former old before becoming the latter. Because production is the basis of commercial development, only the development of production can
Only by developing production can we expand the circulation of goods, stabilize the market and ensure supply. If the staff of the industry only pays attention to the circulation of commodities to the problem, not to the production of the day problem, certainly can not do a good job.
production days, certainly can not do a good job of commercial work.                  (

In this chapter, I am going to talk about how to find sources of income and how to dig for profits in the rural areas,

Our country has a big land and please, many people, no Kwai plants, animals and jade wind source, have great potential, rural areas have a lot of waste materials that can be utilized.
There are a lot of waste products that can be utilized in the countryside, "Xiao Di are all treasures, as long as people go to look for them. The important thing is that the commercial sector relies on the
the masses, and the production sector effective collaboration, research and such as the use of Mingcha source, the promotion of advanced Luo experiments, technical guidance.
Setting reasonable prices and facilitating the sale to the public.

A few examples are as follows

*"34, 958.

| |
The first is the utilization of wild plants. One third of our country's land area is mountainous and meso-mountainous. Full of mountains through the wild search
With the village thing is to be for the rich source, these things "do not use is chapter, used to be treasure." The state over the years to Ying Zhi Zhi Ming, wild
The skin, root, hand and leaf of living creatures mostly contain chowei. Grain dimension long, strong tensile strength can be made of artificial stability, artificial rainbow or bullet frame
The long and strong grain dimension can be used to make man-made stable, man-made rainbow or elastic frame yarn, and the one with more tension can be used to make fox raw material. Sichuan three of this county to use the brothel plant manufacturing into the reef ministers fried spun cloth ma
Throwing success, this experience is being popularized. Roughly estimated that the wild forest and the Chin pseudo-country annual output and about days and ten thousand rips, if to - in the
Used as artificial cotton, to the average of cotton Feng Rang ten percent group calculation, can be produced annually 15 million quintals of artificial cotton. If this
If these artificial hang double part used in the industry damask, can be a hundred and fifty million cloth, pack country people have an average of more than eighteen feet per person. Wild
The seeds of wild plants can contain animal without powder, and can be analyzed for oil, and some of them can be made into high school spices. The country can make starch and acid.
The annual output of starch and sour wine is estimated to be one billion pounds, and the annual output of starch and sour wine is estimated to be one million pounds.
More than 400,000 tons, equivalent to 10 million Lei corn out of the number of wine. There are more than four hundred kinds of wild leafy plant oils discovered in the past.
There are more than 400 kinds of wild leaf plant oilseeds discovered before Ken, children have been assayed and test steed, oil content in the next fifteen to ten percent. Some of these oils can be used as raw materials for main Asia, and some of them can be eaten.
Some of these oils can be used as main raw materials and some can be eaten. Among them, such as produced in the southern provinces of Sichuan Ruozi, the ladder out of the oil, altar sales abroad, good reputation. From
This can be not, the collection of wild plants in large quantities, calcium can be entangled in the processing industry raw materials and social wealth, but also can increase the agricultural
At the same time, it can also increase the income of agriculture and the staff, and we can understand the need to expand the agricultural production and construction. According to the preliminary calculation of Santai County, the collection of wild plants alone can be used as the raw material for the processing industry and social wealth.
According to the preliminary calculations of Santai County, the collection of wild plants to make rayon, wine and starch alone will bring in more than one or two million dollars a year, and in two years, we will be able to raise enough money for the mechanization of agriculture.
To raise enough money for the mechanization of agriculture. Some places put forward "to the mountains for wine, sugar, oil, powder; to the woods for
Jia cotton, to onion, Jia Jiang, Jie Ma" of the mouth leaf. This is a very good slogan, which can be practiced everywhere in the Principality.
It is a good slogan that our ministry can be practiced everywhere in the duchy.

The utilization of wild plants has contributed to the development of the industries of making rice, oil, and wine. The wildlife industry has also contributed to the development of the

Need big base to burn big, phlegm acid pin, bleaching powder, neutral wine, fertilizer, sulfuric acid, which also answered these industrial products to open the fertilizer,

This also opened up a wide market for these industrial products, thus promoting the development of the chemical industry and other local industries.

The cross is to utilize the animal rose source. Wide live to use the green rough sizzling material to raise pigs, owes the development of pig raising industry opened up as a wide range of front and the way, at the end of last year, the country raised pigs.
At the end of last year, 130 million pigs were raised in the Principality, and this year it is planned to raise 260 million pigs. The development of pig raising this year is
This year's development of pig raising is characterized by the expansion of the collective etching, but there are still some difficulties in the collective pig raising in terms of technology and money, and the Ministry of Destruction of Industry should be appropriate to foresee and cooperate with the agricultural department.
The Ministry of Industry and Agriculture should assist the cooperatives in solving some of the difficulties in production by providing and cooperating with the agricultural departments to carry out epidemic-prevention work and other methods.
Pig development not only to increase the supply of meat, improve people's lives, but also to increase fertilizer, promote grain production, increase pork exports, give the people a better life, and to improve the quality of life of the people.
Increase the export of pork, to help the industry of the Canadian gold, accelerate the construction of China's industry. According to the epidemic calculation, the value of 60,000 pigs can establish an annual production capacity of 8,000 tons of pork.
The value of 60,000 pigs can establish a fertilizer factory with an annual output of 8,000 tons. The commercial sector can help to set up fertilizer factories by purchasing hogs and selling fertilizers in advance.
The commercial sector can help set up fertilizer factories by purchasing hogs and selling fertilizer in advance. There is also great potential for the use of farm cattle for milking anger. At present, there are 60 million cows in the country.
At present, there are 60 million cows in the country, and the number of cows that can produce milk in a year is more than 10 million, so if we implement proper milking of the cows, there will be two percent of milk and one third of stock in the country.
If the cows are properly milked, generally there will be one-twelfth of the milk and one-third of the fat milk (butter) fed to the calves, which will satisfy the needs of the calves, and will also be able to satisfy the needs of the calves.
Issue 2 *35.

| The first part of the milk can be used as stomach food.
One part of the milk can be used as stomach powder. In this way, in the case of not shadowing the normal calf breeding, you can produce more than ten tons of butter per year.
This can satisfy the needs of domestic market and increase the number of commodities without affecting the normal breeding of calves. This is for the agricultural society to
This can increase the income of agricultural societies by 700 million yuan. After increasing the income of farmers, it can also stimulate the motivation of reproduction, which is conducive to the great development of cattle farming.
This is conducive to the development of cattle farming. At the same time, the development of farming and cow milking can also promote the development of the dairy industry. There is nothing to be discarded in the sex animals.
There is nothing that can be abandoned, meat can be eaten, skin can be made into leather, and province can be used as fertilizer, and wool can be used as a vehicle. For example, if the by-products of a pig
fully utilized, the value is equivalent to the value of pork for a lifetime.

On the animal drinking and raising, some areas of the Ministry of Commerce six giant ditch to make better planning, such as the Heilongjiang people Shangzhi County Facsimile
The commercial department of the river plating has investigated in detail the various sources that can be utilized in the area, and has been actively organizing and attacking the masses to raise pigs and animals, which, together with other production incomes, has made the whole area more attractive to the public.
The average income per person in the whole area is 30 Tan Yuan per year, plus other production income. Shuangzhen twenty agricultural income
In the afternoon, the mechanization money of 20 agricultural enterprises in Shuangzhen can be fully solved, and 11 communities can solve most of the problems.

With regard to the use of wild sandalwood and animal sources of bone, some people now have some concerns about the four ideas, and are still afraid of them.
First, * fear and annoyance ", they think that the chapter source does not please, collect up rice trouble, over the class did not do, not private technology, tiki products
Low quality, no sales and so on. In fact, only martyred according to the goods masses, the information is not clear can be checked, collect wells are not difficult, Fengzhi
Technology can learn, product quality is not good can be improved, product prices can be lowered, paving the way to natural can also be opened. Second
It is a shame to lose money". The cancer question is how to count the fugue, return to count the big sleep, count the whole national Amoy slander of the phoenix, count the long-term version, the small version of the obey
If you collect and utilize these Chahao fully, not only will you not lose money, but you can increase your wealth and pile up your blood.
Accumulation. Individual commodities in the beginning of the hydrocarbon camp before the time, can lose some money, but through the search for Cuimen, want to do medicine, and strive to improve the work, it is entirely possible to do from the gambling money, but not to the money.
However, through searching for Cuimen, trying to run a medical center, and working hard to improve the work, it is possible to change from gambling to earning money.

The first is the utilization of waste products. JZU is a great wealth. In this area, there are many places that have made examples.
For example, in 1922, Wuzhang of North China Province collected seven to four kinds of waste products with a total value of 110,000 yuan, an average of 2 yuan and 4 cents per person.
The average value was 2 yuan and 44 cents per person; the three items of rags, rough cloth, and cotton totaled 1.15 million pounds, and after the reorganization, the cotton was 90,000 pounds, which could be used for weaving.
Nine wang seventy thousand jin, can weave wang cloth thirty-one square. The value of the hydrocarbons was greatly increased after processing, such as broken shoes and rotten socks.
The value of each jin is only worth one yuan, but after it is made into various kinds of kailu, the total value is one hundred and twenty yuan. Because of the collection and processing of waste
and processing, the number of people employed in the pseudo-county has increased by 8,000 AK. The five guarantees of the Lu not only get a better living, but also have
The people said, "Chibao is a good man," and said, "I'm a good man. The people said, "The five guarantors have become ten guarantors". If all parts of the Principality of Man could do this, a rough estimate of the increase in cotton alone would be six thousand dollars.
Cotton workers a smooth there are six million groups, can increase a large number of people on the employment. Xuzhou City has done a great deal of work to eliminate the poverty of the people in this area.
The city of Xuzhou has done a great deal of work in this area.                                   ...

The fourth is the mining and processing of Leixing products. China's underground mines are exceptionally rich, large mines are exploited by the state, while small mines are scattered.
Apparently dispersed small mines, Lin to change the agricultural society society its use of agricultural in and strip, the commercial sector of the political totem ore in the local bath refining.
This will make the small-scale refining industry to develop rapidly. Cungu County in Hebei Province adopts this method of refining abalone, and has already taken the

* 2. 958 years of work

| The first is to make the small-scale refining
The results have been achieved. The county party committee put forward the "macro table big to engage in, agricultural license small to engage in, family people mining, commercial collection and defense, seasonal vegetable mining, perennial bath
Refining, decentralized mining, on-site refining" approach, the energy is very day, plans to produce four thousand tons of steel this year.

In the recently held comrades about the business sector of the provinces plus the seat of the donkey meeting, the Yan Valley County refining more than the method on the spot
Carried out on the again. The method is very simple, only use eleven prana two bad, Mae ten calcium boat built a small stretcher, a little negative can put
Jade refining into paving snow. After seeing this, we got the drums of wheat, confidence is very high, the situation is that as long as the party committee strengthens the leadership, in accordance with the Pinggu County method, the labor force of the double
As long as the party committee strengthens the leadership, in accordance with the method of Pinggu County, the labor force is arranged in two-sided, -F tribute mining, purchase ore, and actively bath the whirlpool, the complete public may be in this year.
After the middle of the year, the net of 30,000 yuan.

The experience of the past few years has shown that the utilization of wild plants, the raising of animals, the collection of goods, and the mining of minerals, all of which must be done in the initial stage.
The exploitation of the above mentioned wild plants, animals, products and minerals must be preliminarily processed before they can be easily purchased in large quantities, transported and preserved, and before they can be easily used for the urban industry.
Supply. The commercial sector must actively organize these scattered, small-scale processing industries in order to facilitate the development of production and the expansion of circulation.
Expand circulation.                        -

In the past few years, the state has been losing a lot of money and is not actively buying and selling for fear of a backlog of commodities, which will affect the development of production and the adequate supply of goods.
This will affect the development of production and the supply of goods, which will in turn affect the accumulation of the country. Our basic spirit is: when there is a shortage of commodities, we will actively promote production: when there is too much, we will actively promote production.
When there is a shortage of commodities, we will actively promote production; when there is too much, we will keep them in the basement, open them up for use in various ways, or assist in changing to other commodities. In short, to
All in all, it is necessary to keep production growing and circulation expanding. When the commercial stock is sufficient, the state will have favorable conditions for expanding production and construction.
Construction, there will be favorable conditions, and production and construction of the expansion of the double will overcome the phenomenon of excessive inventory.

From the above examples, we can fully realize that it is necessary and possible for the commercial sector to support production by all means and proactively.
It is also possible. In the present period of the rapid development of the cause of the construction of the capitalism, the capitalist commerce should take up this glorious task.
The Ministry of Commerce should take up this glorious task. The Ministry of Commerce should be under the guidance of the National People's Congress committees, and the Party committees at all levels should strengthen their guidance of the commercial sector.
The Party committees at all levels should also strengthen their guidance of the commercial sector. Xushui and Wusong counties in Hebei and Xinhui Chopsticks county in Guangdong have all gained experience in this regard, and they have sent many district committee members to serve as branch secretaries of the Party in the shops and also to serve as branch secretaries of the Party in the shops.
They have sent many members of the district committees to serve as branch books of the Party in stores, which has greatly strengthened the Party's guidance of the commercial sector and made the commercial sector work around the central work of the Party.
This greatly strengthened the Party's faith in commerce, and made commercial work revolve around the Party's central work, which also greatly restricted the role of commerce, promoted production, and ensured the supply of calcium.

The white clouds are planted above the peaches.

The white clouds are floating in the sky, and the white clouds are in the mountainside.
The white clouds are on the sky, the sun is on the sea, and the flag is in the sky, and the sun is on the sea.
Is it a war between the heavenly soldiers?       The tiger and the fox are everywhere.
Why do you want to see the Kiki flag on the clouds?                       Tomorrow we'll go to Iwatengu.
"To compete with the immortals and seize the peach of the heavenly river.
I'm going to the palace of heaven tomorrow, to compete with the immortals, to seize the peach of the heavenly river.          "Songs of the Half County")

Issue 2

| The second installment of the
Wang Qian San

"When I was out of my mind, I swept the treasure.
I don't know what I'm talking about.
The Great Leap Forward in Industry.
I've got a big smile on my face."

"The mountains are full of treasures.
"The People's Republic of China.
"Wild plants become domesticated.
"The people have turned wild plants into domesticated plants.

This is a description of the resources of Tien Canh County in Jeongsai Province.
The people of Tien Canh District in Jeongsai Province are not in a situation where there is no window, but the people and the ten big tunnels are close to Tae Sik District. In
the situation of industrial and agricultural production in many countries, we have to
process and utilize the wild plants of Tando to develop local industries.
The wild plants can be utilized to develop local industries, and the wild plants can be transformed into domestic plants through the expansion of the conservation and carving process.
We will make the wild become domestic, so that it can be used in a variety of ways. He wanted to use the people's
He wanted to use the people's wisdom to turn the hospital into a "clinic". The
He wanted to open the way for the development of many ministries in the lice areas.

The five pains are all flowers, pumping the road to Taishan, west to Quanlv.
Mou fall into the water, the north drink Yang Cui, the length of the undulating, station has a large and small book and tear ten open seat.
small and tear ten open seat; total ZhuJi four first big more than 170,000 coins.
The total amount of land is more than 170,000 coins, seven percent of which is in the name of the three ministers, and only 40,000 tons of arable land is available.
There are only 40,000 square meters of arable land. There are more than 10,000 people living here.
Before the liberation, the people were very poor, and according to the records, "the people had to live in a lot of places, and it was hard for them to go down.
It was hard for the people to live in the area, and it was hard for them to plow the land, but they had to live in the area for a long time.
However, the people were not able to make a living, and they had to work hard to make a living.

I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that.
DR.

The people who have been in the area for a long time have also passed down these
Some Jifa + people into the five head of the mountain, two eyes not Chuan. From the spring
confiscated, soldiers old and young memories of picking burdens, go out and escape is being
The "Theory of the World's Greatest Hits."

After the liberation, the life of the big people of Yutai Mountain along with the home

the development of the pastoral industry, there has been considerable improvement in the livelihood of the people of Mount Yutai.

The various projects in the area have also made considerable progress. However
However, many people's minds have not been emancipated, and they do not fully realize the power of the region.
They have yet to fully realize the power of the public registers, and have made great efforts to guide the people to develop various kinds of transportation.
We are trying to guide the public to develop various kinds of transportation, but the development of the light economy is slow.
The development of light economy is about slow, except for a few economic crops such as pepper and fruit.
Except for a few economic crops such as peppers and fruits, the general outskirts of the district are not . The city's economy has been slow to develop, except for a few cash crops such as peppers and fruits.

In 1966, there was a major disaster, which dramatically affected the development of the area.
Dysentery: more than two places to be developed, the goods make the people of Lulizhen District have a
The people were moved and had the idea of moving to other places. At that time, the Party and the
The Party and the State made great efforts to provide relief, releasing more than 350,000 yuan of relief money.
In order to support the production of the people, the county party committee has been working hard to help the people. In order to help the people to produce, the county party committee also instructed the supply and demand committee to help the people to produce.
The county party committee also instructed the supply and demand committee to vigorously help the people to start their own healing business. However, the masses could only
pick some noodles, grass, and soil, which are of little value and not widely sold.
The supply and lock societies are very much in demand. "This is not enough for a long
Zhang Daoming, director of the Hongren Wujiabing Money Supply Society, said, "The group is located in such a poor area, and it's not easy for them to find a place to live.
In such a poor area, what can be done?"

Under the guidance of the Party's education and socialist construction
Under the dance, Zhang Jiangming figured out a truth and set up an

In 958

| | | | | |
A strong belief. Man must transform nature and utilize it.
nature, to eat out, to eat by mang out, through the supply and famine society's
business to foster production, we can certainly change the face of Wutai Mountain.
The face of Wutai Mountain can be changed. "Yes, we must find a way out for the people of Yiyin Mountain.
A way out for the people of Yiyin Mountain1

One day last summer, Zhang Tongming and county supply and marketing cooperative
Cadre Zhou Xikang to Chenjiazhuang, passing by and meal family ditch, parked
A field, on the while contemporary -F seek rest. Zhang Daoming to
Dongzhi slope bamboo fluttering a piece of acid prickly 〈Kuyuliu) 拼
The sun shone brightly. He said: "Xiangkang, you've got a big
The slope is so beautiful," he said, "Wutai Mountain is so beautiful.
Mountain, good east is glass there, this kind of plaything brother everywhere.
But it grows on the soil and in the rocks.
It grows on the soil and in the rocks, and flourishes year after year, regardless of drought or rain.
Swabbing the ground.

The acidic sieve of the More Xikang is the same as the one Zhang Tongpeng learned when he was a child, but now it is the same as the one he learned when he was a child.
When I was a child, Zhang Tongpeng taught me how to use it, but now I can hear it with a new
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to do that. His legs were trapped in the acid sieve and he was dumbfounded.
"This thing has a strong vitality, if we can connect it to the fruit or find a way to utilize it, it will be a great success.
If we can harvest it or find a way to utilize it, it will be very useful to the people of Bengu.
The idea of .........? Since then, this kind of idea has been hovering in Zhang Tongming's
This kind of idea has been circling around in Zhang Tongming's manuscripts from time to time since then.

"Listening to people strong have powder have to get something will be able to stack wine; grain
is heavy, eat too much loaded with acid, acid prickly son is also considered, is not it also can match the wine?
Is not also can match wine? Zhang Tongming started like this. He has a
Characteristics, is to dare to think and dare to do, to play Ji do, success or failure always
He has to try and see if it works. He board on the Yingchengguan, Jiacun put together a base exhibition
The site is a test.

The first unsuccessful, what to say people also have.
"I don't have the skills to do it, but I'm still up in the air." *It's a waste of money and labor.
"If I were to spend the money on him, I wouldn't have to pretend to do it," he said.
2nd

The sales agency is supporting the family!

If the village supply lock column deputy director Wang Zhongquan can not be happy.
He went to Mathong Mingfong and said, "How can we spend money and not get any wine?
How to do aphids? Zhang Daoming asked: "How many gills spent?" Wang Zhonggong
"Ten dollars." I spent a hundred dollars on it for ten days.
How many days? Mr. Zhang Tongming was in a state of despair.
He can still make money, but he can't make money for his friends, so he can't make money for himself.
Successful, wrong class and the development of people bring great benefits.

Four in a row were unsuccessful. Fifth style, people are all in the supply
Some of them even ran into the party.
The party has managed to disaster: "Under the guidance of the Communist Party, the
things are not known to the world; the supply and marketing to use acid to burn chopsticks wine
Here we go."

Wang Zixiu also told Zhang Tongming: "This nickel small
is a market source of goods, double increase the national accumulation of black, through station
It's a good thing that we can kill two birds with one stone. Zhang Daoming Rong, "It is a good thing to get
six good things. In addition to what you can, but also with
In addition to the fact that you can, you can also use the stolen things to become useful, wild five attack the people to pastor to - a
The most important thing is that it saves the country's grain, solves the problem of pig
The most important thing is that it opens a gap in the
The most important thing is that it opened a gap in the world of lead.

The success of the Wushu Residency has initially liberated the minds of the people.
The idea of everyone has been initially liberated. Mr. Zhang indicated that the grassroots three. Let the tail will start on the flag movement
Dacha Shangshan survey, he united: "Check up to carry out the supply of marshal guarding business
The business must be changed to the poor surface aluminum, scorpion reed Wutai books
The first thing you need to do is to find a way to get rid of them. At that time, we
I rented a three-minute lease to share my worries with my friends and family.
The first time I did not have any money, I was given the opportunity to read the book, and I was not given the opportunity to read the book, but I was given the opportunity to read the book.
I'm not sure if I'm going to be able to get a good deal on this, but I'm sure I'll be able to get a good deal on this," he said. Carbon starch
The carbon starch is used to brew wine and make substitute food, and the bitter and cloudy starch is used to extract oil or to make food.
The bitter and cloudy ones are tested for oil extraction or as pig feed. Smell the sticks,

aa 3SD.

| The first thing you need to do is to look at the bark of the tree and see if it is broken.
Bark breaks to see a have, there is a building will find a way to pump grain child.
That's how they did it, from May to October, they suffered a lot from the sun.
From May to October, they suffered a lot from the sun, the gills tasted a thousand pains, from the south to the south, from the east to the east, from the east to the east.
From the south to the east, from the east to the east, from the north to the west, from the north to the west, from the north to the west.
After traveling more than 3,000 miles, we found out that there are places on Wangtai that can be utilized.
I found out that there are some wild oil and wine on Wangtai.
There are more than a hundred kinds of wild oil, wine, food, and other materials that can be utilized on the Wangtai Mountain,
There are more than one hundred kinds of wild plants in Wangtai. The wells found many valuable things that the local people did not know,
And the local people simply do not know things. Such as the stone groove
The masses regarded the medicinal herbs as rotten grass, but the people knew it and avoided it.
After they collected it, the people knew it and avoided it.
The people knew that they were not aware of it for many years.

How does the treasure in the stomach become the people's toya product? This is the question that falls on the
This is a new problem that falls on the head of the comrades of the supply and marketing in Wuzhi County.
Sour oil out of the wine, containing the oil of the building oil, Haumea much medicinal herbs are not
Difficult to get out; but some of the value is not big, not a wide range of package road
What to do? At first, they just write letters or send people
Contact with various places to promote, to the results are not great. Later, he all
thought of a way to process these things into applicable machine

products. The local Zhi-anus production is large, when the medicinal herbs have no sales, the

When there was no market for the medicinal herbs, they were turned into wine; from strips and small timber, they were rented to agricultural societies.
The local agricultural society leased the wood to the farmers and soon pushed it out to the market.
The market for the medicinal herbs was not available. In this way, the spirit of business serving production and serving the masses is precisely manifested.
The spirit of serving the masses. Because of the establishment of this positive
viewpoint, we were able to follow the people's lead and adopt the people's way of doing things when we encountered difficult problems.
We can overcome the difficulties by adopting the way of the masses.
In one case, the county signed a contract with some areas in Inner Mongolia for the production of more than 1,900 sheets of jute.
The trade agreement of more than 1,900 sheets of hemp flakes was signed, but the mass of the main
In the big ice water conservancy construction, the labor force is tense, processing is not out of demand.
Iron sales seeks to convene the processing of the ground gift piece of agriculture into and members of the community.
The members processed the slices at night for four days, but the construction of water conservancy was not completed in four days.
40.

Said, the grass problem is solved. Last year after the middle of the year, the supply and marketing society
mobilized the masses to collect and process nine kinds of wild plants, worth
amounted to more than three hundred and sixty thousand dollars. Among them, just the key into the five guaranteed household art system
processing fees were more than fourteen thousand dollars.

And then in the deep days to mobilize the masses, fully utilize the concave area
Qi source, now the county supply and marketing cooperative self-run and with the township, culm joint
Jointly organized processing factories have more than seventy. Driving the great development of the lichen industry in Wutai County.
led to the great development of lichen industry in Wutai County.

 In the process of the district, the people of Shenzhen are talented.
But out of the crazy land is a treasure. To take the inexhaustible use of
not net, we must eat the mountain to raise the mountain, not from eating out of the house;
To make full use of the wild sources in the Gung area, we must vigorously develop the
local industry, so that business and agricultural production, industrial
production closely linked up. But in practice there are still
There are many difficulties. Until the central government put forward the policy of
central and local industries at the same time, and a great leap forward in the national industrial and agricultural
After the emergence of the situation of a great leap forward in industry and agriculture throughout the country, the mindset was liberated from the sea and sky.
The idea was liberated.

How to eat and raise ten was one of the important issues they debated.
One of the important topics of their debates was how to eat and raise ten. Some people suggested grafting peaches and apricots on wild plants, some suggested cultivating valuable wild plants, and some suggested cultivating peaches and apricots.
apricot, some suggested cultivating valuable wild plants, some
Some people proposed to raise wild dogs, goats, and other things
and domesticate them as well. Finally, they have made a specific plan.
A specific plan has been drawn up. In collaboration with the relevant ministries, they mobilized the masses
They adopted the method of "divide and conquer" to cultivate valuable wild plants so that they could be raised forever.
valuable wild plants, so that they can never be depleted. This year
This year, we have organized a number of projects in the Guan Er Guang Fu area, such as Good Swept Mountain, Yue Gui Mountain, Dacao Bad, Dong Ye, Li
village and other guangdong provinces, a large number of seeds have been sown to produce high yields and oil.
This year, a large number of wild mullein is sown in the Dabei Mountain, which has a high yield of oil,
Four Heavenly Kings Mountain and other places, every year, cultivate valuable wild orchids that can
In the past few years, in the Great Northern Mountain and the four heavenly mountains, the wild epileptic plants, such as the yellow, the lamb and the district, the zhu chang, and the winter flower, which are of great value and can produce oil, were cultivated every year.
95# years

| The first is to cultivate the wild epilepsy of the 95# year.
The planting of 10,000 acres of heavy climbing timber and the introduction of flowers from Henan Province, which will grow to maturity three years later, will bring in an annual harvest.
After the growth of, can Han harvest three million dozen per year.

In order to fully utilize the wild plants, it is determined to vigorously develop
In order to fully utilize the wild plants, it is determined to vigorously develop local industries. Wutai County is going to organize more than 1,400 small factories this year.
More than one thousand four hundred small factories, now there are one hundred and four of the ring work.
All can and work of the wild Zhen things, public processing, spin Wei wine
The not do stacks, can make Xu Wei not burn a certain. Single original plan
Planned two hundred and so nine small zongzhonghe processing plant, can be processed
The total number of products is more than 500 kinds of products, totaling 7,011,000 culms.
The total amount is 7,011,000 dollars. This will help us to achieve the goal of building a socialist society more quickly and economically, and to achieve the goal of building a socialist society more quickly and economically.
The Government's plan is to build a socialist society in a quicker and more economical way.

In addition, we should utilize more than 100,000 grassy slopes to build five harvesting
grassy slopes, establish five collection Jidian electricity, party breeding superior breed and sex Jidian and registered wool sheep.
and woolen sheep. Adhesive water conservancy and soil and water conservation work in the

On suitable slopes, we cultivate pear fruit and pepper trees.
along the river, press acid prickly seeds, press mulberry strips on the disturbed ground, and develop the raising of
The development of raising In the two to fifty reservoirs constructed throughout the county, the plantain has been
The number of seedlings is one million.

In order to make the Wutai hanging change the case out, Wutai County with the committee of feather
Each has been personally in charge, and the supply and marketing director Zhang Diming and the
industry, agriculture, handicrafts and other departments to scrutinize and collaborate.
The company has established sixty-six cadres to work in the area, and the Wutai County has been the first to have a large number of cadres working in the area.

Recently, the local committee held a meeting in Wutai for all supply and marketing directors and industrial department cadres to attend.
The local committee has recently held an on-site meeting in Wutai with the participation of all the supply and relocation directors and cadres from the industrial sector.
The local committee has recently held a site meeting in Wutai for all the directors of fall relocation and cadres of industrial departments to attend, to learn and promote the wild dispersion of Bantai. The slogan is: "Quasi out into
Baoshan, everywhere out of the more live farming?
(The author is the first member of the CPC Shanben Province v. County Party Committee.)

I. Some people wrote to me that they were "penniless". How to explain. According to our understanding.
Comrade Mao Zedong trained is, first, and poverty, first, Zongbai. Yung Bai means

It means in terms of backwardness in terms of cross-culturalization.

Second, this coral paradigm flute Chi's "breaking down superstition? Mr. Nanguo is used in the article
The story of Mr. Nanguo. The story of Mr. Nanguo was written in the book of Ping Fei Zi. In the right state, King Xuan of Qi wanted to listen to the blowing.
And always need a band of 100 people to play together. Mr. Nanguo didn't know how to play, so he mixed with the band and pretended to play.
Mr. Nanguo did not know how to play, but he stood in the orchestra and pretended to play. After the death of King Xuan of Qi, Mr. Nanguo asked the king to take over the throne.
Mr. Nanguo could not pass by the band, so he fled.
After that, they called such people as "small and equal".

The one who is damaged

Repeat 2

People

| | | | | | | |


