SS

Ar

SS-
f plus book fear mounted "

HONGQI

HONGQI

Zhihe 7

Time

| | | | | | | | |
Bi-racial and ni

Organized by the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China

The first issue of the "Year of the Nineteen Fifty-Five

Table of Contents
The "Barbaric Exchange" (1)
Introducing a Cooperation and .ee Bulletin (3)
A cooperation that changed its face in two years of bitter struggle. The Fengqiu County Committee of the Communist Party of China (CPC) (4)
Yugoslav revisionism is a product of the policy of Jaegerism - Boda 10.
On the U.S.-Blue Crisis and Zhang Wentian (19)

The working people must be the masters of culture pp Lin Qingshi (28)

The Rule of Law: The King's Rendezvous with the Emperor (89)

| | | | | | |
Measurement & Quantity

The two great victories of the democratic and unionist revolutions under the leadership of the proletariat have enabled China to turn the corner from its long period of sedentary existence.
The two great victories of the proletarian-led democratic and unionist revolutions have enabled China to turn itself around from a long period of inertia. As Comrade Mao Zedong said at the time of the founding of the People's Republic of China
founding of the People's Republic of China, the Chinese people have stood up. Now China's
The development of the productive forces of science and technology is now in an era of unprecedented great leaps forward. The order of the chapter is following half a century to clear the way for the development of the productive forces.
the development of the productive forces. In front of the Chinese people, who have a heavenly temperament, mountains bow down and rivers mine their way.
head, the river mines the road. Expansion is the old system and stereotypes that do not extend the development of social productive forces, the
people
the power of their own lives.

The magazine "Heqi" is organized by the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, and it was founded in this new situation in China.

The task is to raise higher the red flag of the proletarian revolution in the world of thought. There's no doubt about it.

Your Majesty.
The next country sky six up in the open station sky gale to the superior, the ground as China

The world raised its own flag. The Chinese people were guided by this flag to victory. With

founding of the People's Republic of China, the Chinese democratic revolution was transformed into a socialist revolution. In the transition from

capitalism to and socialism in the over bay period, the main fighting needles in the country were the proletariat and the

socialism].

| |
quantity,]

The bourgeoisie's doo-wop, the doo-wop committees of the Kasaikai-ist road and the capitalist road. The proletariat
In order to achieve victory in this battle, it is necessary to fight the battle of ideas in a friendly, thorough and deep way.
To win in this battle, the proletariat must launch an ideological battle, use the critical spirit of Marxism-Leninism to break down superstitions and to improve the present situation.
We must use the critical spirit of Marxism-Leninism to break down superstition, to make the present more modern, to break up old traditions, and to shatter proletarian pseudo-science, so as to free the Chinese people from bourgeois ideology.
Chinese people from the bourgeois ideology.
Marxism-Leninism is the product of the thoughts of individuals in their study halls, but it is the product of the people's
It is a product of the people's thinking in their study halls, but of the people's three banging hot chicks. It is a unity of theory and practice, a highly scientific and
The first. The wind itself concentrates the accumulated knowledge of the working people and of mankind as a whole, reflects the proletariat and the proletariat.
visit, reflecting the great manufacturability of the proletariat and the masses of the people and the great revolutionary gi
power. Therefore, it has in turn become a guide for the people's bucket list. The leader of the Communist Party of China
Comrade Mao Zelin often taught the Party that, like Lenin, it should be in touch with the masses, listen to their voices, and base itself on the people's aspirations.
Listening to the voices of the masses, based on the integration of Marxism's universal principles and concrete practice, and the integration of new things.
In the new historical conditions, we should raise problems, solve problems, adhere to the principles, and resolutely work for the cause of the masses.
In the new historical conditions, we will raise problems, solve them, adhere to the principles of Marxism, and resolutely oppose revisionism and all other ideas that deviate from the path of Marxism.
In the work of "remembering", the comrades in Lanzhou are advancing in the direction of what the comrades in the Ribbon have been fighting for.
This is the direction in which comrades are moving.

I have been able to sell, in the first session of the First National Congress of the Party, the sixth set out to let
Under the general direction of building unionism with sufficient strength, upstream, fast and economical, I have been able to move forward in this direction.

Under the leadership of the Central Committee of the Communist Party of China, and with the support of all Party comrades and Marxists outside the Party, the "Communist Party of China" was established.
Red Flag" magazine will certainly be able to fulfill the tasks it should undertake with the support of all Party comrades and Marxists outside the Party.
The Red Flag magazine will certainly be able to fulfill the tasks it should undertake.

The "Red Flag" magazine will certainly be able to fulfill the tasks it has been assigned.                                          In 1958, the Red Flag magazine was published.

| |
Quantity

Introducing a cooperative ,
Shimotan System

"A co-op entry that changed the face fox in two years of hard fighting" is worth reading. The spirit of communism is flourishing throughout the country.
The spirit of communism flourished throughout the country. The consciousness of the Party is rising rapidly. The masses
The fact that the backward classes of the masses have risen up to catch up with the advanced passions marks the beginning of the economic development of our country.
The economic, political, ideological, technological and cultural revolutions of our country are moving forward.
The economic, political, ideological, technological and cultural revolutions of our country are moving forward. Thus, it seems that our country is catching up with capitalism in terms of industrial and agricultural production.
It seems that it may not take as long as it did before for China to catch up with the big capitalist countries in terms of industrial and agricultural production.
It may not take as long as it did before to catch up with the big capitalist countries in terms of industrial and agricultural production. In addition to the Party's leadership, the population of too many millions is a decisive factor.
There is a lot of talk, a lot of enthusiasm, and a lot of energy. Never before have we seen the masses of the people in such high spirits and vigor as they are now.
Spirits are uplifted, fighting spirit is high, energy is high. The Minchon class of the past was completely trapped in the slender sea of the laboring masses.
They had to change even if they didn't want to. Till death do us part, Gu Yi took the flower country
Iwatou to go to the brotherhood of the sinking, there are certainly people, and that is not a big deal. All the intention of the government to visit

forms and other inapplicable parts of the upper superstructure, day by day, fell apart. The micro
It still takes time to clear away this garbage; the fact that the collapse of these Benches has taken place is a certainty.

There is no doubt about it. Apart from anything else, the distinguishing feature of China's population of too many millions of people is that it is one committee and two selves.
The two selves. This may seem bad, but it's actually good. Defeat is to change, to two, to revolution.
One and marriage, Han has a burden, good number of the latest and most Yan's words, good painting the latest and most beautiful picture.

Issue 1 =. 3

| | |
The large-print newspaper is a new and extremely useful weapon for cities, villages, factories, and for sale of seeds,
cities, villages, factories, stores, organizations, schools, troops, streets, in short, wherever there are crowds, it can be used.
It can be used in all places where there are crowds. Those who have already used the Zhao Lai Zi should continue to use it. Qing people surnamed Zizhen poem
Cloud; Dazhou angry tail wind thunder, ten thousand horses Qi Mei keep can be happy. I work the heavens heavier mix set off, not confine a
I will not be limited to one pattern." The large-print newspaper broke through the "Ten Thousand Horses" air of silence. I now present to the whole country
I would like to recommend to the comrades of the 70 cooperatives in the country and to the comrades in the cities a cooperative.
I'd like to recommend a cooperative to the comrades of the 70 cooperatives and the comrades in the cities. This cooperative is located in Feng Hou County, Henan Province, and it is very thought-provoking.
There is something very thought-provoking about it. Do the Chinese working people still have the same Hongli look? No, they are the
They are now the masters. The working people of the People's Republic of China, who live on 10,000,000 square kilometers.

Xian is now ruling the land.

Guangzhou, April 15, 1958

One Year of Bitter Hundred Years of Changing Face Yoon's Kaesaku II

This is a report made by its committee in March of the year 15,000 by Xinxiang | local committee to the CPC Central Committee, Comrade Mao Yandong and Henan Province.
The local committee forwarded it to the Party Central Committee, Comrade Mao Yandong and Henan Province.

Fengqiu County, Xinxiang Prefecture, northern Henan Province, should be lifted wrecks.
The industry society, is a consecutive years by the Bo disaster Dad hit the old disaster into.
And the whole into the existing two hundred and four move, one thousand fog seventy-four people, bamboo electricity one hundred and forty head.
Bamboo electricity one hundred and forty head, arable land four thousand one hundred and ten attack.
The terrain is low-lying and the quality of the land is alkaline, so it is prone to many disasters. Before the liberation
Before the liberation, there was a song circulating among the people: "In summer and fall, we use one sweat for three times.
sweat, in the winter to ask for food." "Lapa playful defense, Zhang
"In the summer, the food is all gone." Therefore, that
time, there are many Xiao Biao Hou's, many enemy workers Xian household, change Xian by rice
e fans.

There were a lot of farmers, a lot of poor producers, a lot of people who didn't add labor (meaning landowners), a lot of shaw land, a lot of salt land, a lot of salt land, a lot of salt land.
landowners), there was a great deal of land, a great deal of saline land, a small number of people eating food, and a small number of people eating food.
The people who eat grain are few. --In 1972, a natural disaster struck the village, and a hundred and thirty villages were destroyed.
In 1948, when Zhang was hit by a natural disaster, the pseudo-village had 135 households, 40 of which had gone through the camping process.
Thirty-seven of them had to sell their women, and most of them had lost their property.
The majority of the contracts were broken. It became a common practice for people to eat sugar leaves in the autumn. In addition, the reactionary
In addition, the reactionary government's exorbitant taxes and extortions, the laborers in the village of Xinzhen

The people of the village are in a state of chaos.
Although the roots of this state are deeply rooted, but suffered a lot from the body.
The year 1958

| The working masses were always thinking of the day when they would be oppressed and humiliated.
The laboring masses, who had suffered from trauma and oppression, always thought that one day they could pull it out with their own strength.
They always thought that one day they would be able to pull it out with their own strength. This ideal
was realized under the guidance of the Communist Party. Before and after the liberation
The life of the poor was completely changed. In the seven years from liberation
In the seven years from liberation to 1955, only in 1953 was there no natural disaster.
There were no natural disasters, but with the help of the state, the people lived in peace.
But with the help of the State, the people lived in peace. By the winter of 1905, most of the peasants, especially the poor peasants and
The peasants, especially the poor and lower-middle peasants, responded positively to the Party's
The Party called for the establishment of fully socialist agricultural cooperatives, and everyone rejoiced.
All of them were overjoyed. In the first year of cooperativization
In the fall of the first year of cooperativeization (i.e., 1955), the cooperative was hit by severe flooding.
In the autumn of the first year of cooperativeization (i.e., 1955), the cooperative was hit by severe flooding, with more than 90% of its land being flooded.
The land was heavily flooded, and more than 90 percent of the land was lost to fishing. However, thanks to the strong collective power, the
to find ways and means to help themselves, the community was able to overcome the disaster by the New Year.
New Year's Day has completely overcome the disaster. More than ten percent of the arable land in Chang
More than 10 percent of the cultivated land in Chang was vaporized, but through the heroic struggle of the members of the community, the people were able to get two hundred dollars for every mu of land.
However, through the struggle of the members, they were able to produce 232 catties per mu, which was 173 catties more than the yield before the cooperative.
This was an increase of 100,000 catties over the pre-cooperative yield of 173 catties.
This was 15 catties more than the pre-liberation yield of 137 catties.
The average harvest per person that year was greater than that of the cooperatives. The average harvest per person in that year was 50.1 per cent more than that before the cooperativeization.
The average income per person that year was 50.1 percent greater than that before the cooperativeization, and 39.0 percent greater than that at the time of the Feast.
of thirty-nine percent, exceeding the local Dangminzhongnong's
production level and the water for medical treatment. This fact makes the
the masses to realize the unparalleled superiority of cooperativization.
The cooperative At the same time, the cooperatives also had a certain amount of public
This has greatly supported agricultural production and consolidated and improved the quality of the cooperative's services.
This greatly supported agricultural production and strengthened and improved the determination and confidence of the members to follow the road of Zhuhaiism.
From then on, the income of the members increased and their livelihood was gradually improved.
and the basic construction was greatly developed, and the production was greatly developed.
The production was greatly developed. Over the past two years, we have made a total of forty-three profits, purchased fifteen water tankers, and purchased a variety of fresh produce.
In the past two years, we made a total profit of 43,000 yuan, bought 15 water carts, 24 plows, and 21 foot plows.
Issue 1

The company has purchased 15 plows, 24 plows, 21 plows, 4 uranium plows, 19 powder sprayers, 14 machines, 1 or 2 wagons, 1 or 2 new tonnage wagons.
There are fourteen machines, one or two wagons, and four new tents.
They also built 463 new houses (300 and 10 houses), and purchased 162 carriages and carriages.
They also bought 162 flower carts, bought 45 sex animals, and built one village protection center.
The village was protected, 110 irrigation canals were built, 15 buildings were constructed, and the village was improved.
Built 15 large and small buildings, and improved the soil (turned over the land).
We also built a school for 700 people. This grandiose
This grandiose achievement encouraged the enthusiasm and vigor of the masses, and turned the
The whole cooperative society became an indomitable steel.
The public's branding of cooperativization was: "Agricultural cooperativization.
"Agricultural cooperativization has great collective strength, a wide range of interesting banyan
The technical and human resources are organized, the work is well planned, yields are high, incomes are increased, and there is a good chance of survival in times of disaster.
Income can be increased, and no one is immune to disaster."
Last year's disaster in 1955 was even sicker, and was the worst year after liberation.
It was the worst year since liberation, with 90% of the arable land destroyed.
A, Ba 3,850 South, the central disaster Yan production Yu Cheng
The year of the disaster was the most severe after the liberation of China. However, the thinking of the Ministry and the masses was not pessimistic. He
They believed that, under the right price and learning of the Communist Party, there was
the unparalleled superiority of cooperativization, the past disaster relief wolves, and
With the solid material base of defense, it is possible to overcome the disaster.
They loudly put forward this call: "Early fall, late fall.
Late fall. Agriculture is lost, and the bag industry is found. Everyone cut the green
50,000 reserves to hunt for ugly material. No bankruptcy, no payments.
=Three No's." (According to this, "three no's" refers to people, plowing and then
No one is able to plow any more.) The members of the community have been actively planting and replanting
The members of the community actively planted and replanted the crops in the area and fertilized the crops, achieving good results.
The harvest increased by twelve thousand and thirteen Yuan. In addition to the
flour, raising pigs, making oil, maple, and transportation.
each side business amounted to fourteen thousand five hundred yuan, totaling thirty-one thousand eight hundred yuan.
The total income was 31,800 yuan, which was more than enough to fulfill the disaster relief plan.
The total amount of money collected was 41,800 yuan, which was more than enough to fulfill the disaster relief plan.
=

| | | | |
The government has not asked for any payment for the goods, but they have not asked for any payment for the goods. Not only did the government not ask for payment for the goods.
I have also returned 3,500 dollars to the government. In the dysentery Xia
In the past, the hardest-hit households were fed with pork, pork, vermicelli, and clubs, and other New Year's goods were also available.
meat, vermicelli, and clubs, and other New Year's goods were also available.
Other New Year's goods were also available. Such a Chinese New Year was impossible for farmers before the cooperative.
It was impossible for peasants to have such a Spring Festival before cooperativeization, so Fuki and others said, "Depending on the cooperative, it is not difficult to eat and wear clothes.
In the year of disaster, the Chinese New Year was half over. In the year of disaster, the Chinese New Year is half a year of harvest.
The Spring Festival in the year of disaster is half a year of harvest."

In October, 1957, the Principality's Agricultural Development Program was announced.
After the publication of the "Ceremonial Chapter Offering", the cooperative has successively put forward the following proposals
After the announcement of the "Agricultural Development Plan" in October, 1957, the cooperative also put forward the idea of "Three to five years of war, the northern part of the country will be transformed into the southern part of the country.
The earth will be transformed into a field" and "Water conservancy will be realized in 1951
We will cross the Yellow River and the Yangtze River, and turn yearly disasters into quarterly harvests.
The heroic battle cry of "Get rid of the hat of the disaster area forever". A few months
Over the past few months, under the guidance of the Party branch, the collective strength of the Hongye Society and the masses have been working hard to realize water conservancy.
The collective strength of the industry society, the wisdom of the masses and the difficulties of the first
In Shuangzhu, the water conservancy movement, the fertilizer accumulation movement and the
The water conservancy campaign, the fertilizer accumulation campaign, and the three climaxes of secondary production were simultaneously launched in Shuangzhu. In the area of water conservancy, Lan Cheng
In the water conservancy area, Lan Cheng completed the construction of 110 irrigation channels of various sizes over a period of one month.
A total of 80,000 cubic meters of land were irrigated. A total of 80,000 cubic meters of land were irrigated.
The land can be irrigated with yellow water, and the salty land can be
The salt land can be changed to planting boat color, and the early flood disaster has been fundamentally solved.
Born in the realization of water conservancy, this year's production reached eight
The sac hit. To realize this plan, the port will be from the years of food shortages
Kyu jumped to be able to sell more than one million pounds of surplus grain
Income. Fertilizer accumulation miscellaneous society to reach seven thousand cars. In addition, in the wheat field
management, plowing, planting trees, and eliminating the four pests, also.
achieved remarkable success.

This originally poor cooperative society, under the Party's proper leadership, had a clear direction.
Under the leadership of the Party, the direction of the members of the cooperative is clear, and they are working hard to improve the quality of their work.
The Party's leadership has made it possible for the members of the cooperative to have a clear direction, and to realize that they have been able to overcome their problems. They in order to learn to early become low-lying and easy to enter the fill Shuoshuo
help,

In order to learn to turn the low-lying and easily accessible land into the rich countryside of rapid rice, in the three rolling days of snow and snow.
Each, the ground can not be big edge, the plug wind piercing the collapse of the big chain of the juncture, the
Still, they are still sweeping the river to repair it. Everyone goes to work early.
We're going to work early. In addition to 100% of the laborers, the whole community has been working.
In addition to the 100 percent of laborers, there were also 20 percent of the laborers who participated.
In addition to the 100 percent of laborers in the community, there were also 20 percent of the laborers in the reserve. Each person completed an average of eleven square kilometers of work a day.
The king of the square. Thirteen laborers from the youth team led by Cui Shengwen
laborers, each of them accomplished fifteen Fangwangs per day. Members of the community
Fu Zhanfa: "It is better to fight than to win". The big moon is also the world
They sang this winter's jingle: "One force, all together.
We're going to move forward. Repenting of reading, changing rice fields. Keep a good harvest and put an end to the plague.
Good words, ten thousand years." Thanks to the hard work of the members of the community.
We have now built a large area of rice paddies, this year.
We plan to plant two hundred and thirty rice paddies this year.
I'm looking forward to it. This new weather in the fall is tightly sucking the community
The new weather in the fall is attracting the hearts of the members of the community. We all have the same hope, that is, to
We all had the same hope, that we would go the way of the Shangri-La socialism.

The main reasons why we were able to obtain such
The main reasons are as follows.
First, we have been bold and creative, and we have been able to overcome the difficulties of the war.

The difficulties...

This pair suffered from serious flooding in 1957, and although they took measures to seize seeds, replenish them, process them, and apply them to a wide range of areas.
Although they took measures such as planting, replanting, processing, and fertilizing, the harvest was still not enough to support the community.
measures, but the harvest was still not enough to support the minimum living standard of the people.
The people's minimum living standard was still not sufficient. In addition to the 34,000 pounds of grain we collected, we were able to save the grain for schooling and sexual foodstuffs.
the grain, each person was given only six catties of grain, and only six catties of hats.
The people were given only six catties of grain per person, and a few catties of flowers per person. In the face of serious difficulties, the people of Baojiao were able to survive.
The cadres and masses of Huijiang, who are characterized by a high degree of positive spirit, are
In the fight to release the routine, measurement based Jin research, great creativity, to rule out the
The difficulties, Yan strong fight and so on. He is the second time to rely on a thousand
-The station of the world's father, too much power and material resources, do not do speculative inspection

The year of 954

| | | | | |
Idea, do not see the state loan war hepatitis Fan.

One of the ways he slightly manufactured the charm-producing filter guan was red
erly powdered. Last fall the harvested more than 200,000 pounds of red and blue.
The nickel was not eaten at all, except for 20,000 catties of red and blue powder.
In addition to leaving 20,000 catties of red and blue, the rest was processed into ai powder and xiehe.
Test stove fruit, four pounds of Thi trailing out of two pounds of four two streams, a pound of
District, law and district can be and . On the water into food, than eating
Ice paddle more crosswise. As a result of the adoption of the Henlan playing powder to eat the method of
method, Zhang increased vermicelli 30,000 halls, thus increasing and
more than a thousand dollars of income, while also saving more than 40,000 pounds of grain
food. The people li: "Yu Xi is a precious egg, in the past, it was bad to bring it to justice.
In the past, we used to bring bad things to justice, but now we have a way to solve them."

Shengkou material processing into oil is another creation of their production filtering shortage.
Another creation. In the fall of the year, 10,000 catties of the material were traded.
Such as material, Gugong into Ting, such as 100 catties of beans out of the Shan eleven catties, bean cake again and again, envy increase.
The soybean cake was made again and again, and the enviable increase was 1,100 pounds of oil, worth
It was worth 100 dollars. Then, they processed the beans into bean curd.
Then, he processed the bean curd into bean curd, which amounted to 20,000 catties, and used bean curd and bean curd paste for chewing.
In this way, he increased his income by 2,500 yuan.

Although the Yu Department and the people of this Xian have the experience of filtering and dispersing in the past years, they also deeply realize the importance of this kind of work.
experience, but also deeply realize that year after year, disaster relief is not a good way.
The people of this city also deeply realized that it was not a good idea to have disaster relief every year. They started with disaster relief and disaster prevention.
Rarely did they realize that raising more pigs was a good way to prevent disasters, and the central government was willing to do so.
The branch and the management committee insisted on mobilizing the members to raise more pigs.
But this community has been suffering from disasters for many years. However, this society has been affected by disasters for many years, and people do not have enough food to eat.
But the community had been suffering from disasters for many years, and the people did not have enough food to eat, so they did not raise pigs. In the middle of 1951, the community was able to raise more pigs.
Two hundred and four families fed more than thirty pigs, releasing a long time and mobilizing.
The community was mobilized, but the motivation to raise pigs was still low. What's the
Six? Some kinds only want to Ming pig flow money to buy, and some social cognizance
There are gills to buy but no warmth, so the development of pig raising is not fast. The society and the management committee are concerned about this situation.
The government and the management committee have conducted a separate study on this situation.
The first

They realized that there would be no great development of individual pig raising, so they decided to raise "socialist pigs" in the second cooperative.
It was decided that the second cooperative would raise "socialist pigs". Here
Forklift appeared to have a problem with the purchase of steam lines. Thanks to Takechibe's determination, the problem was effectively solved.
The problem was solved thanks to the determination of Takechibe. After the wheat harvest in the year of Zao, the members of the cooperative
After the wheat harvest, the members of the community were all divided up and baked.
In order to prevent wastage, the poor paper mobilized the members to put the remaining grain of 7,500 yuan into the market.
The money could be used to buy pigs. This money could be used to buy pigs. Under the principle of public-private
the principle of public-private partnership, interest was paid at the credit rate, which solved the difficulty of buying pigs.
The difficulty of buying hogs has been solved. The problem of the gills was solved, and then there was the
The collective pig raising lacked yardage and difficulties. They adopted a
Collective seizure, decentralized to the Lu processing feeding "five Yan Ding package
They adopted the "Five-Yan-Ding Package System" for the management and operation of the group ã€ˆFive-Guo-Ding refers to the casting and checking of the pigs,
work, tasks, time, and technology were all set out in a fixed chrome), making it possible to rapidly develop the hogs to 500,000.
The number of hogs quickly grew to 500,000. This was the first time that we were able to do this.
This has not only developed the collective release, but also increased the income of the group by more than 1,000 yuan, and greatly improved the quality of the work.
The income was more than one thousand dollars, but also the members' motivation to work for pigs was greatly developed.
Not only did they organize the production and work of the needy families, but they also built up a good reputation for their work.
and livelihood of the needy families, but also established the idea of collectivism. The production and life of the members
The production and life of the members depend on the cooperative.
The people deeply realize that. The people deeply realize that without the cooperative, they will not be able to move an inch. If you leave the cooperative, you will not be able to
difficult to move.

(Wang) practiced the advance payment of iron labor and made arrangements for the pseudo-cooperative
production and livelihood of the members.

Since the society relies on collective strength, it has increased its income and expanded its accumulation.
As the society relied on the collective power, it increased its income and expanded its accumulation, and had the power to solve the production needs and difficulties of its members.
the power to meet the needs of production and the difficulties of the members' livelihood. But how to rationalize the distribution of
the resources of the community? This is a big problem. The disaster area is characterized by a large number of people
There are difficulties in using open eyes. ~-In recent years, due to the distribution of untimely
In recent years, due to the lack of timely distribution, the members of the community have difficulties in their lives, and they have worries about their thoughts and pressures.
The production is not accumulating. Therefore, the branch and the management committee of Culm Branch have been working on the basis of the

=The committee has been working on the basis of a new plan for the future.

| |
loach, advances are made on a labor basis. The specific method is to first carry out
"King check, three count". Check the disaster situation, check the members of the community to be shocked, check the
agricultural luye income, counting the number of laborers, counting the economic force, and
Counting and checking the weekly food of the father. Through checking and calculating, we will determine the advance standard according to the needs and possibilities.
The advance will be determined according to the needs and possibilities.

As the situation changes, the method of advances is constantly being improved.
The advance method is constantly evolving as the situation changes. Over the past year, three methods have been used. The first method
"is to make more advances for one laborer.
It is not necessary to do any work, but a laborer can get an advance for his work. This method
This method of implementation of the viscous results, can give play to the enthusiasm of the prostitutes.
However, the amount of money received is too large, and the laborers who have a lot of money are not able to use it.
Wash, the labor force is too small too many households are still not enough to use, the formation of a help
This is a waste of money and hinders production. Fraudulent cadres in Yuexing
In the process of timely summarized the Department of stationed; find a map of the problem, collect
The second method is based on the previous method.
The second method is based on the previous method, which is to classify the laborers and advance them. According to the number of laborers, the members were divided into three types.
The members of the community were divided into three types. The non-difficulty households were paid 30 cents per laborer, the average households 50 cents per laborer.
The general households were given 50 cents per labor, and the less labor-intensive and more populous households were given 70 cents per labor.
The average household is paid 50 cents per labor, and the small and populous ten thousand households are paid 70 cents per labor. Difficult households and "five guarantees" households receive a large portion of their own labor in addition to their own.
and the "five guarantees" households, except for their own labor, received a large portion, and the shortfall was taken care of by the article. This method
was implemented for a period of time and problems arose, namely, that the boundaries of various types of households were not easily demarcated.
The problem was that it was not easy to delineate the boundaries between the various types of households, and the fees for similar types of households were different.
Some of them have different standards, some of them do not drive, and some of them have a standard.
However, the problem is still not solved: because of the improper delineation of the boundaries of similar households, the people have no choice but to pay the fees.
The people are interested in this problem because of the inappropriate demarcation of similar households. Let the branches and committees
Let the branch and the committee study and improve the situation. In order not to waste money and to solve
the problem, they changed the method to one based on the actual needs of each household and the number of days of labor they could do.
labor days, and to make advances according to the actual needs of each household and the number of days of labor they could do. That is to say, on the basis of the organization of production
In other words, on the basis of the production schedule, advance payment targets were set for households that needed to be penetrated, and for those that could not complete the fixed number of workdays due to objective reasons.
For those households that could not complete the fixed number of labor days for objective reasons, advances were still made on the basis of the number of days of living.
For those who, for objective reasons, cannot fulfill their work quotas, advances are made on the basis of the number of days of subsistence.

For essential expenses (schooling, SS.

Sickness, marriage, childbirth, etc.) were temporarily settled. In this way, the medical problems of the entire community of 200 temples and four villages were solved.
In this way, the medical problems of the entire community of 200 temple and 4,000
In this way, the medical problems of the entire community of 240 villages were solved, and the expenses of the community could be saved. The escape certificate shows that.

This method was better than the two previous methods. But it is still
a filtered approach. UNITAR plans to introduce fixed labor inspections in 159 after the public cumulative
black expansion recalls that in 159 it introduced a fixed labor checking
The system of fixed-worker checks.     -The

In terms of the timing of advances, it will start with one advance per month.
The first was a month's advance. However, because it was too long to meet the needs of the disaster victims, it was changed to one day's advance.
and the needs of the victims, it was changed to one advance a day. Zhiguo was too troublesome, and now
now changed to one advance per ten days. Since the implementation of this method, the
has greatly stimulated the members' enthusiasm for production, and the attendance rate has improved.

attendance rate by one hundred and two percent, and productivity increased from the original demand of
digging the river three point jade square per day, increased to seven square per day. Implementing this method, and pulling out good
With the implementation of this method, and digging good send
The physical strength and technical specialization were
and the people were able to pay attention to it. And the masses sugar into a jingle session: "Cooperative filling, the benefits are great, the benefits are great, the benefits are great, the benefits are great.
"Cooperation, the benefits are great, those who can do it, do it. Use labor
Use labor, have a plan. Pay attention to your heart, be strong, and you will not be afraid of the tiger.
I'm not afraid." "It's a good idea to pay in advance according to the meat.
We have to work less." Now, the center of the discussion is how to make more money.
workers, a Luo does not answer the question of how to do it intentionally. Bamboo workers work
They work early in the morning and late at night, even when it's freezing.
Some of them do not call it bargaining and do it.

(c) Adhering to the democratic approach.

In the first year of the founding of the society, the second department lacked the experience of managing large-scale production.
In the first year of the founding of the society, the second department lacked the experience of managing the production, and seldom discussed with the masses about the matters, which made the masses dissatisfied.
The masses were dissatisfied. For example, when cotton was planted in the spring of 195 days, the three teams had a total of three hundred and twenty acres of white land.
team had a total of three hundred and twenty acres of white land, and Wang set up three hundred a
The captain of the team proposed to let the community ten department. The captain proposed to let, the community ten department also li people to protect the
The captain proposed to let, the community ten department also li people keep. Forty-six acres of puddle-dusted land were also planted with hanhwa.

In 1958

| The year was 1958.
Because of the water flow, it was difficult to harvest. The opposite was true
When harvesting wheat in that year's wheat season, there was rainy weather and the seeds were in danger of being shaken and rotten.
The Ministry of Xiangyu promptly discussed with everyone and decided to put a straw stick in the middle of the
It was decided to put a straw stick in the center of the circle, so that it could get out of the air and would not harm the rottenness.
The result was that more than one million pounds of wheat were not lost.
From the comparison of these two things, bamboo cadres deeply appreciate
that, where the masses are not discussed with the Ji, cadres negative force not

There is no shortage of cadres, and there is no shortage of members who are buried in the streets, and where there is discussion with the masses, there is no shortage of cadres.

The thing about medicine is that it is easier to get things done, and even if it is done, the people don't have a problem with it.
Even if it is done, the people have no opinion. From the Bin concluded branding Kwai "everyone's ZhenGuan
We can do it at home, we can enjoy the success, and we can solve the problems.
The problem is solved.        Four

In the fall of last year, we were hit by a very serious disaster.
of the land was sold. What should we do? We discussed with the people.
The people proposed more varieties of Zangbu and Evening Bamboo Blue. The branch
The branch accepted this proposal and planted 1,000 kampot and 4,000
The branch accepted the proposal and planted 1,000 bitter potholes and 4,000 late bamboo vines. The red vines that flowed through the plantation were opened and released, fertilized, and removed.
The red vines were opened, panned and released, processed and fertilized, and weeded, and the harvest was good.
and leg good harvest, greatly reducing the disaster. Due to last year's
disaster last year, the grain should be lowered, the branch of the society and the management committee
In order to solve the food problem, which is the key to all the work, the branch and the management committee promptly organized the people's birth control program.
They promptly educated the people to save food for their dogs. In what ways
How to save food? At first, there was no way to do so, so we held a meeting of the previous years.
The first thing we did was to hold a meeting with model households from previous years, and summarized more than 30 good food-saving tips.
More than ten good ways to save food, vigorously promote among the masses, the effect is great.
Popularize, the effect is great. This year, not only was there enough food to eat, but
And the public also left nearly 10,000 halls of grain.

(iv) The Drury Department has continuously improved its work practices to increase production in order to achieve positive output.
The Ministry of Chu-Yu is constantly improving its work practices and seeking to increase production in order to ensure positive production.

During the rectification phase of the Dr. Chu Ministry of Education, the people gave many opinions to the Ministry.
The public put forward many opinions to the Ministry. The Ministry of Agriculture and Fisheries is now in the process of finalizing the project.
The first phase of the project

They are: "four more", smoke more cigarettes, drink more alcohol, wear more Zhangbu uniforms and sleep more in big heads.
The "three lesses" were: less labor, less consultation with the masses.
less labor, less discussion with the masses, and fewer monthly meetings with the public.
cloth less; "two strong*, subjective strong, state of the common strong. In short.

Ministry for cadres in all aspects of the performance of some special, with the wolves are not the same.
The same as the wolves.             The

Zhu Branch, based on the criticism and Jian Gong of the masses, into the

a deep examination and study. From the move to the department not to participate in the
Production a request for hair, never check the stove fruit, brigade cadres four
The four cadres of the brigade, the 20 captains of the squad and their subordinates, the 10 vice-captains and their subordinates, and the 10 members of the committee were all insured.
The total number of people who did not participate in production or who seldom participated in the study was four.
People did not participate in production or seldom participated in production, and labor
The labor report was too high. Each person averages 300 labor days per year.
Each of the fourteen departments received a total of 19,200 labor days, with each labor day receiving 50 cents.
Each labor day was worth 55 cents, equivalent to 15,000 labor days.
Each labor day was worth fifty-five cents, equivalent to fifteen thousand days and two dollars. If all of them had participated in the production of the upper station, the
the management costs of the cooperative would have been greatly saved. Through
calculating this account, the cadres of the public organization further realized the
production to guide the important significance of zhu production. On the basis of criticism and
On the basis of criticism and let me criticize, we have quickly changed our work style and put forward the slogan "Let me criticize.
We put forward the slogan of "Work to fulfill our obligations, eat and labor".
The slogan of "Work to Duty, Eat to Labor" was put forward. Yazhang Zhenxijiao and Zhiye Cui Luogu were not credited for any of their work in the Zhucong.
The two accountants were given a subsidy of 50 cents each in addition to two pre-scoring and one finalizing.
points and a decision to subsidize 50 labor days each, the
The rest of the work will not be done. Hanxiang.FE and and on the meeting, the record
FE and and on the meeting, the accountants will work. In order to solve the problems of work and production, they
vibration, according to the different sympathies, properly arranged. To the past
The long have feeding sex mouth technology, on the mouth of five sex mouth, big put
The office was used as an office; two meetings were held to raise ten pigs; and two meetings were held to raise ten pigs.

I have been able to get 20 acres of productive land. The sticky fruit of this kind of work, not

It has not only cut the relationship between the masses, but has also strengthened the production

The result of this was not only the strengthening of relations with the masses, but also the strengthening of the production system.

| The result is the strengthening of the production of se...
The people's income has been increased and their own income has also been increased.
The income has also increased. Last year, I had to work 130 days a year, and I will work 390 days a year.
Last year, she worked 130 days, but she will work 390 days in the next year. Directly
In the change of style of cadres, cadres in the production bin is the
The cadres are both instructors and gladiators in the production, and when they can't understand something, they will do it themselves.
He personally made wu jun, shi open battlefield meeting, -
The public visited the site. Not only did he do a good job, but he also had a good understanding of the ideological dynamics and
And for the ideological dynamics and production problems also
We are able to understand in time and carry out ideological and political education in time.
As a result, the community is more energetic.

After the cadres joined the production, they ate, lived, labored and worked together with the people.
After joining the production, the cadres ate, lived, labored and worked together with the people, without showing any special characteristics.
In order to carry out the democratic way of running the organization, the cadres were fully aware of the importance of democracy, and they tried to overcome subjectivism.
In order to implement the democratic approach, fully unveil democracy and overcome subjectivism, an advisory committee for old farmers was set up.
The committee was established to explore the role of the members' representative councils. Finance
A certain system was set up for financial affairs, and a monthly report was published.
Bones. and the masses; "It is the Communist Party that has guided the

The Ministry of Education has changed the way it operates." The searchers are "Cadres can be
We have to work hard." Children on the streets also sang
"If you want to work in the right way, you should go to the Chesapeake 3.
If you want to work, go to Cui Ruogu."

Although the agricultural industry in Yingju overcame a serious disaster, it made great achievements in various aspects.
and achieved great success in various aspects, they were not satisfied with the present situation and intended to make the best use of it.
They were not satisfied with the status quo, thinking that this was only the beginning of realizing a better future.
They are not satisfied with the present situation, but think that this is only the beginning of the realization of a better future, and that they have to move forward with great efforts.
They have to move forward and make great efforts to remember the happy future. They have made great efforts to remember the future of the city.
In the spirit of leaping forward in agricultural production, this year they have all decided to
This year, they have decided to reach the target of 100 kilograms of production in Ligou of the commune.
Crossing the Yellow River and the Yangtze River, they will fulfill the requirements of the present ten years of centralized agricultural production.
This year, we have decided to reach the target of 100 kilograms of production in LiGouLei commune. Now the cadres of the commune culminating in the masses, are a number of,
Che two, by all means, overcome all difficulties, for the realization of this
The great goal is to realize it.

The 20th day of the 20th month of the 10th lunar month.

Today is the day of the hero.

(The People's Banner of Guangxi Autonomous Region)
We're bigger than ever, and we're smart as hell.
We're going to save the day, and we're going to save the past.

We're the best at what we do.

Cut it out.

The county is looking at heroes today.

1958

| |
Yugoslav revisionism
is a product of the policy of statism
Chen Boda

The struggle between the national Marxist-Leninist political parties and the revisionism of the Yugoslav leadership headed by Tito is a major international issue of late.
This is the most recent international scandal. Tito was the main instigator of this fight. In his own proposals, he has made little mention of Marxism-Leninism or of the ideology of the
In his own proposals, he attacked Marxism-Leninism and the Soviet Union as a whole, thinking that this would lead to a breakthrough in the development of a new form of Marxism-Leninism and a new form of socialism.
Marxism-Leninism and the Soviet Union as the communist camp were attacked in the belief that this would lead to the destruction of the Leninist position and the creation of an international communist movement. The Marxist-Leninists have had to rise to this challenge, and have begun to do so.
The Marxist-Leninists have had to rise to this challenge, and have already begun to make a bloody mess of it. Contrary to the Gento Group's original intentions, in this
the Communist Parties showed great unity. The

The Communists have attacked the whole of the international organization.
Shield.

The revisionism of the Chinto group is not a product of the modern class struggle, it is a product of the policies of the modern state leaders, especially of the most evil of the world's people.
It is a product of the policies of the modern state sovereignty, especially of the world people's most evil American vice-industrialists.

The First International, with its regional information, was a reaction to the policy of the Communist Party of China.
The policy of the Communist Party of China. The modern correctionalism or neo-revisionism represented by Tito is different in its role from that of Berstein's
Wo correctionalism. Bernstein's WoCorrectivism emerged in the late nineteenth century, when imperialism was still a common world
At that time, imperialism was still a complete system in the world, and the dictatorship of the proletariat did not yet exist in the world. But we are now in the same time and place.
What kind of a time? It is a time when the proletarian revolution has reached us with a population of more than 100 million people, when socialism has taken shape as a new world system, and when the colonialist system has taken shape as a new world system.
A great new era in which the proletarian revolution is gaining ground with over 100 million people, in which socialism as a new world system has taken shape, in which colonialism has been solved and is being solved, in which the imperialist system is being attacked.
It is the great new era that Comrade MAO Falls East has described as "the East Gang overpowering the West Gang". It is the great new era of Comrade Mao Dong's "the East overpowers the West". In such a new era, the imperialist system
In such a new era, the struggle between the capitalist system and the capitalist system, and the struggle between the proletariat and the proletariat in various countries have become a fierce struggle between you and me, and the struggle for medicine has become a fierce struggle between you and me.
medicine and medicine have become a fierce battle, which will inevitably bring a new brand and a new color to modern revisionism, i.e., neo-revisionism.
The new revisionism will certainly bring a new brand and a new color to modern revisionism.  The new revisionism is a new color.

Previous issue = EL.

When Marx and the Tax Dodgers were still alive, they pointed out many times that the British proletariat had taken a small portion of the oil profits from the offing.

| The British proletariat had taken a small part of the oil from Guantanamo.
The British proletariat took a small portion of the offshore oil to support a group of workers. Engels once owed Marx a letter to change: "The worst of the British Federation of Trade Unions, they are willingly
They are guided by those who are bought by the proletariat or at least remunerated by the proletariat". As we all know, Lenzhu's work against revisionism, syncretism
As you know, in his fierce struggle against revisionism, syncretism, reformism, monastic chauvinism or syncretistic imperialism, he repeatedly pointed out that Mark and Engels were not the only ones who had been able to fight for the cause.
Lenin repeatedly pointed out this approach of Mark and Engels and put forward a new approach. Lenin writes, "Opportunism is objectively
is a class among the proletariat and the working class which has been bribed by imperialism with extra profits to turn itself into a doormat of capitalism and a destroyer of the workers' movement," Lenin wrote.
and the workers' movement.                                   The opportunists," wrote Nin.

What is the situation now? Since the working class has already gained power in one of the listed countries, the imperialists feel that it is not enough to buy off their own country's workers.
They feel that it is no longer enough to buy off the working class toppers in their own countries. In addition to this policy in their own countries, they are also buying up the working class in their own countries.
In addition to this policy in their own countries, the nationalists led by the U.S.A. are trying to find a way to establish their own socialist organizations in the socialist countries.

The US imperialist government is trying to break up the communist movement in some socialist countries, and to create a new system of association between the communist movement and the socialist countries. In this way, the American imperialists
The U.S. imperialists, having recognized the Yugoslavian leadership, adopted a policy of buying them out at a high price.

According to the materials of the American and Slavic press, the American financial assistance to the Yugoslav leadership groups lasted from the beginning of the first decade to the end of the second half of the 19th century.
According to the materials in the American and Slavic press, the United States' assistance to Yugoslavia, which started in the first half of 1952, amounted to more than 1.7 billion dollars by 1957, of which more than 1 billion dollars were transferred to the United States after 1945.
Of this amount, more than one billion dollars had been transferred to Pakistan since 1944. In addition, the Associated Press reported that from 1950 to 1957, the U.S. military aid to Yugoslavia amounted to one billion dollars.
In addition, the United States reported that from 1950 to 1957, the U.S. gave Yugoslavia more than one billion dollars in military aid. In addition, U.S. military aid to other countries was estimated at $300 million.
Taking all these figures together, the assistance of the entire capitalist world, headed by the United States, to Yugoslavia, amounted to about three billion dollars.
Around three billion dollars.

The report of the Seventh Congress of the Communist Party of the Republic of Yugoslavia (CPR), in its third report, states that half a percent of the national income of Yugoslavia has been spent on the development of the country's economy. Out of
It can be estimated that the U.S. aid has a significant share in the Yugoslav state budget, sometimes amounting to about one percent.

This is an obvious fact; the Yugoslav leadership, headed by Tito, not only feeds its own people, but also the US government, which has a large base in Yugoslavia.
It also feeds the U.S. government, which is based on a large base. In addition to this, the "American way of life", which the American nationalists are so proud of, has also been recognized as a major factor in the development of Yugoslavia.
In addition to this, the "American way of life", which the American nationalists are so vocal about, has also been introduced into Yugoslavia's social life by the American authorization, with the aim of trying to license the Yugoslav people.

According to the Washtenberg newspaper, on May 5, 2012, the American way of life was also introduced into the Yugoslavian life. According to the Washington Post, "The Republican Senate of Pittsburgh, which had previously been vigorously opposed to the U.S. policy toward Marshal Tito in Yugoslavia, is now in the process of organizing its own election.
The installment plan for the purchase of American electrical appliances, set up by Republican Senator Joyce Fowle, who had previously been a vocal opponent of U.S. policy toward Marshal Tito in Yugoslavia, is turning Yugoslavs from communists.
changing Yugoslavs from communists to Chabonists. He was net backwater from Tito's country. ...... heben.
Wang Yishu parades Yellow is an American Sister Fox, American tanks, American equipment. There is a huge American influence there ...... in
Among the people, the Tsimshian nationals are the most eaten of all the nations

A Reuters reporter from Geargrad, who has a lengthy report from May 1 this year, reports that ten years ago the Nansla
Wolf, who "got as many articles as the Lurie Gazette," but now "is often praised as being as interesting as the American tabloids." "The Bureau of

2, TI958

| The
Gastronomists are often surprised by the 'thigh-beauty; and American-style features that appear in Yugoslavian newspapers when wedding." "South Sl
Fueblans can continent to an extremely wide range of "life reports:, which include chi rate of well-chang about crimes and calamities are often
The description is often a gory one." And so on and so forth, it is clear that some of the major newspapers have become propaganda tools for the "American way of life."
The American Way of Life.

The presence of people determines their intentions. It's not the other way around, it's the massive amount of American aid shaming the "American way of life" that's causing the Slavic backlash.
It was the mass influx of American aid to the American way of life that caused changes in the intentions of the Slavic backward groups and the formation of a set of revisionist ideas of the Yugoslav leaders.

It was the change in the ideology of the Slavic backing groups that led to the formation of a revisionist system of thought in Yugoslavia, which determined the internal and external policies of the Yugoslav Legion that were anti-Soviet, anti-communist, anti-socialist, and anti-socialist.
The Yugoslav Youth League's anti-Soviet, anti-communist, anti-socialist camp and anti-socialist internal and external policies.
Recalling the revisionism of the Yugoslav Bloc headed by Tito and their internal and external policies, which were manifested in the movement of the Communist Party of Yugoslavia.

What were the main things?                                       -What was the main thing?

Firstly, on the question of the world political situation, Tito's group held a position which was fundamentally opposite to that declared by the Moscow Conference of the Communist and Labor Parties of the Socialist countries.
They denied that the most important feature of the modern world situation was the confrontation of two different world political systems and the confrontation of the world's political and economic systems with the world's political and economic system.
They denied that the modern world situation was characterized by the confrontation of two different socio-political systems of the world, and by the confrontation of two camps formed by two different socio-political systems.
The most important feature of the modern world situation is the confrontation between two different world socio-political systems and two camps formed by the two different socio-political systems.
They have completely mixed up socialism and socialism. They have completely blurred the distinction between the two fundamentally different social systems of socialism and Chabonism, and have confused the socialist camp with the imperialist camp.
They have completely blurred the distinction between the two fundamentally different socialist and Chabonist systems of society, and fused the two fundamentally different world political and economic systems, namely the socialist camp and the imperialist camp, into "a world divided into two opposing military and political blocs
The world is divided into two rival military and political blocs*, and there are sessions of "the consequences of the division of the world into two rival military and political blocs and the consequences of the division of the world economy into two rival military and political blocs".
 From the sophistry of the human-monkey-trust group
It is as if the world or the world economy was originally harmonized under the control of imperialism and imperialism; as if the
It is as if the capitalist countries have never branched out into a world monopoly of power based on the idea of monopolizing the highest profits, nor have they taken over the role of reorganizing the world.
Neither have they ever engaged in a world war for the redivision of the world, nor have they ever engaged in a world war for the redivision of the world. The Hinto Group is of the opinion that the way out for mankind
The Hinto Group believes that the way out for mankind is not to replace the socialist system with the Tambonist system. Their program is that the U.S. imperialism can be manipulated by the U.S. imperialism and the building of the United Nations.
United Nations, "to promote and facilitate the pseudo-face cooperation and mutual proximity of all peoples, that is, to make the world more and more
to bring the world closer together".

What kind of "garlic" is it to hope that the United Nations, which the U.S. wants to organize, will promote the unity of the world? What kind of "garlic" is this?
Is this not Tito's yearning for the "unity" of the world, which the American imperialists are trying to rule?

Secondly, the Tito group declared that they did not belong to the socialist camp. The position of the "super-group".
The position of the "supergroup".

What is the meaning of this nonsense? It has been proved that (1) they are outside the socialist camp headed by the USSR and the international proletariat, but only in the form of a reactionary group.
They are outside the ranks of the Soviet Union and the international proletariat, and are merely substituting reactionary proletarian nationalism for revolutionary proletarian internationalism.

Issue 1, No. 3.

The first issue of 3, | | | | | |
(2) The "supra-group" standpoint of the individual is nothing else but a standpoint which is suited to the needs of the imperialist bloc.
The "supergroup" position of others is nothing but putting themselves in a position suitable for the needs of the imperialist bloc.

Thirdly, on the question of war and peace, it has always been the view of the kinematics that modern war is rooted in the ideology of annihilation, that is, nationalism, and that the socialist countries are not the only ones to be affected.
The root cause of modern warfare is nationalism, and socialist countries and national communist parties are the core force for the preservation of world peace. However, the
The Zento Group, however, directed its attacks against the socialist camp led by the Soviet Union, while defending the warlike politics of the imperialist camp.
money as an apologist for the imperialist camp's warlike politics. This is what Tito said: "As a result of Stalin's threatening foreign policy of two lines of carbon and no machine, the Western Powers see that there is no need for the Soviet Union to be a threat to the Soviet Union.
As a result of Stalin's threatening foreign policy, the Western Powers saw that it was impossible to achieve their own goals through diplomacy, and concluded that only a show of strength could achieve their own goals.
They concluded that the only way to achieve their goals was to show their strength. This was the basic reason for the signing of the North Atlantic Peace Agreement and the establishment of the Military Jiao Tong." (Utopian Gento's Report on the Seventh Congress of the Communist Party of the South).
Tito's group is obviously trying to make the most reactionary statement that the root cause of the threat is not the US-led imperialist system and the US-led military organization.
The root cause of the threat is not the imperialist system led by the United States and the Greek network, but the communist system led by the Free Trade Union and the bamboo association.
It is not the imperialist system and the Greek system, led by the United States, that is the root cause of such threats.

First, according to Lenin)
The era of the proletarian revolution. Although the proletarian revolution has been paralyzed by a series of national victories since the October Revolution, Zaibatsu nationalism has not been able to win.
Although the proletarian revolution has been victorious in a number of countries since the October Revolution, the era of proletarian revolution has not yet passed, as the final fall of Jaegerism has yet to take place. The era of proletarian revolution is not over.
According to the Zento Group, the world has now skipped the era of imperialism and proletarian revolution, because "the typical Reinbenist
The typical Reinbublican system has definitely become a thing of the past", and socialism is now being realized in all Chabonist countries. In this way, Tito's group repeatedly
Tito's group repeated the following words of the "era": "Mankind is in the process of realizing socialism". The Tito group repeatedly used the following words to describe the "era": "Mankind is moving inexorably through various paths into the age of socialism, into a new era of socialism, and into a new era of socialism.
"Humanity is moving inexorably, through various paths, into the age of socialism, into an age in which socialism is becoming the content and the method of the permanent practice of both human beings". "Humanity
lives today, above all, in the era of the implementation and consolidation of new forms of initiation, politics and regionalization based on socialist economic relations."
epoch of itemization." From this, they arrived at the brand: socialist thought no longer primarily surrounds the old, blame-based system of socialism.
The socialist ideology is no longer mainly centered on the old system of socialism. That is to say, there is no question of destroying the Chabonist system in all countries of the world.
The proletariat's philosophy has become "obsolete", and it is only a help to the "dogmatists" of the world.
This is only the help of the "countrified" people of the Frontier.

Fifthly, according to Lenin, the capitalist system "spreads everywhere the tendency to rule rather than to be free. This
The result of this tendency to rule is an open reaction in all political and legal systems". And according to the Gento Group
The Jaunto Group considers the capitalism of the poor to be "socialism". In the Chabonist state, they say, "the state supervises the capital and partially restricts private management.
capital, partially restricting the right of private management of selenocapitalist property, and taking away some of the exclusive functions of private ownership in the economy and in society.
and in society". "The government has lost its complete independence in some of the sectors which it administers, and some of them have lost their independence.
In some sectors of the economy, the State is losing its independence, and some of its functions are being transferred to an increasing extent to the State." "The State has taken over the management of the economy.

14, 1958

Nationalism is the final stage in the development of Chayonism, and mankind has reached a point where it has become the most important of all.

| The "major role to take over...".
It is the last stage in the development of Chayonism, and mankind has come to take over a major role..." "The role of the state as a regulator of labor and property relations, of social rights and social services, and of other social relations has also been strengthened.
The role of the state as a regulator of labor and property relations, of social rights and social services, and of other relations of access has also been strengthened."

The Monkey Trust Group's Myokoi, that is. The state apparatus of the peonies is a state apparatus in which labor does not serve the peonies, but is a super-order of labor.
of the state, and is practicing the task of taking away the old dysentery.          -It's not for the sake of the state.

Therefore, Tito's group believed that in a capitalist state, the workers did not need to break up the proletariat's apparatus, they could just remember that the workers were the ones who were in charge of the state apparatus, and that they were the ones who were in charge of the state apparatus.
It was therefore believed by Tito's group that in the capitalist countries the workers did not need to break the apparatus of the proletariat in order to "turn the apparatus of the state into the public apparatus of the union". There, the task of the workers is only to
"to gain a decisive influence on politics and to ensure the gradual development of socialism in accordance with their political power.

Tito's group, which had proved to reward the dictatorship of the proletariat, was of course also keen to neutralize the dictatorship of the proletariat. Like
Like the reactionaries of the First Trade Movement, they are convinced that the dictatorship of the proletariat is inevitably a "rich-universalist" and "official-universalist state-royalist".
....                                           ...

Eighthly, the Axialists argue that there are two forms of socialist ownership, Ç«-citizen ownership and collective ownership, while citizen-ownership is socialist ownership.
Citizen-ownership was the most important form of socialist ownership. However, the Zento group made the citizen-ownership system of socialist countries, i.e. state ownership, a form of socialist ownership.
However, the Janto group labeled civic ownership in socialist countries, i.e. state ownership, as "state chauvinism", as "the final reflection of the intervening relations". But the truth is that there are only two types of ownership in a socialist economy.
However, there are only two systems of ownership in the socialist economy, namely the "collective ownership" and the "individual ownership". and "individual ownership". *The "collective ownership" and the "individual ownership". What he means by "collective" ownership is that the direct producers of minerals are the ones who own the mines.
Collective ownership, as he called it, meant that the direct producers of minerals "decide for themselves on the production and total distribution of the product in question". They argued that "each
They argued that "landed property" was also "an integral part of the large-scale socialist agrarian commons" and that small private owners were also "part of the large-scale socialist agrarian commons". They argued that "all landed property" was also "an integral part of the large socialist agrarian commons", and that "small private owners are also "an integral part of the forces of the socialist krauts".
The small private owner is also "an integral part of the power of the socialist kleptocracy".                    -The small proprietor is also "an integral part of the forces of rapist Kremlin".

5 The state capitalism of the past is to be "syncretistic", to be "socialist", to be "socialist", to be "socialist", to be "socialist", to be "socialist".
The socialist system of ownership for all is the state's "unrighteousness", while the former is what they make of it, and the latter is what they reject.

The collective is superior to the citizen, and the individual is superior to the collective. Their
Their slogan is: "Congregationalism does not subordinate the whole man to any 'supreme being'".  Their message is: "The interests of the individual can be placed above the interests of the collective and the citizen.
The individual's interests can be placed above the collective and civic interests, not the individual's interests should be subordinated to the collective and civic interests; the collective's interests, moreover, should be subordinated to the collective's interests.
The collective interest can be placed above the interest of the citizen, rather than the collective interest being subject to the interest of the citizen, and the collective interest being subject to the interest of the citizen.
The collective interest, on the other hand, can be placed above the interest of the citizens, instead of the collective interest being subject to the interest of the citizens.

Tito's "unionism", however quaint it may be, is actually meant to be a form of "membershipism". It is, in fact, the "totalism" of the proletariat, the "totalism" of the imperialists, the "totalism" of the imperialists.
It is the "socialism" of the imperialists, which, when compared with the socialism of Marxism-Leninism and the socialism realized in the socialist countries, is a far cry from the socialism of Marxism-Leninism and the socialism realized in the socialist countries.
Compared with the socialism of Marxism-Leninism and the socialism realized by the socialist countries, it is simply another matter. Therefore, of course, they simply deny the common law of socialist revolution and socialism.
Therefore, of course, they fundamentally reject the common laws of socialist revolution and socialism, and oppose the common ideology and concerted action of the international proletarian and communist movements, and put this common ideology and concerted action in malice.
They oppose the common ideology and concerted action of the international proletarian and communist movements, and maliciously and uniformly label this common ideology and concerted action as "ideological arbitrariness" and "political hegemony". and "political hegemony".

Tenthly, from the above point of view, the Zento Group is hostile to the communist parties of all countries. They are in harmony. "The indignation is that communist parties can

The first issue of the revolution was the 15th.

| | | | | | | | |
to break into every form of the unionist movement, swabbing the idea that socialism can only be realized in these parties, yea only through them, is theoretically incorrect and in practice very harmful.
The notion that socialism can be manifested only in these parties, yea only through them, is theoretically incorrect and very harmful in practice." Also County, "The base Communist
The basic communist parties ...... have ceased to be revolutionary, creative agents for social development in their own countries."

The Tito group despised the Communist Party of the United States. But as history will eventually show, the American Communist Party, small as it is now, has the power to make a difference.
The American Communist Party, small as it is now, has a vitality and a great future, while the Junto Group, which now governs Yugoslavia with respect, can only guarantee that their feet will not be turned away from Yugoslavia.
But they can guarantee that their feet won't be tipped over by their own revisionism.

Eleventh, Tito's group described the "International Workers' Congress as having failed to keep pace with the development of social and material conditions in the last decade".
"In the late Stalinist period, the international workers' congress failed to keep pace with the development of social and material conditions". "In the late Stalinist period, the workers' movement in Haumea not only ceased, but also regressed."

In the eyes of the Tito clique, the victory of the Great October Revolution and the success of the Soviet Union are invisible.
The Tito clique is blind to the victory of the Great October Revolution and the success of the Soviet Union, to the great victory in the anti-fascist war, to the existence of new
We cannot see the existence of new capitalist countries and the development of the workers' movement in the last capitalist countries, nor can we see the great Chinese revolution and the People's Republic of China.
The great Chinese revolution and the People's Republic of China.

.... Eleventh, Tito said, "In the last ten years, Marxist thought has lagged behind the development of modern society".
As the People's Daily pointed out, the Chintos summarized the basic principles of Marxist-Leninist revolutionary theory as "several articles".
The Chinto group presented the basic principles of revolutionary Marxist-Leninist theory as "dogmatism", and they called themselves "the irreconcilable masters of dogmatism".
How is it possible for them to understand the question of the development or non-development of Marxism? How could they possibly be concerned about the development or non-development of Marxism?
They are not aware of the great developments that have taken place under the guidance of the Communist Party since the October Revolution, and they are opposed to the "dogmatism" and the "pragmatism" of Marxism.
The Communist Party of China (CPC) has also been a leader of the CPC in the past few years. In the meantime, they have been talking about "human nature", "human individuality", "individual freedom", "human beings as fearful creatures", "the richness of human nature", and "the human spirit".
How is it possible to find a common attack with Marxism-Leninism when we are talking about "human nature", "human personality", "individual freedom", "human spirituality", "human beings as creatures of fear" and so on?
How is it possible to find a common attack with Marxism-Leninism?

The eleven points listed above include the pseudo-partial orthodox views of the Tito group and their internal and external policies.
But these points alone are enough to show how Tito's revisionism serves the imperialists, especially the American imperialists.
especially the American imperialists.

In his report to the Seventh Congress of the Communist Party of the South, Bauto referred to de Geras as a revisionist. Bauto said that "according to the outside world
and for the sake of the Judaizers, these people have written Yugoslavian pamphlets of the same kind as the realities.
water pamphlets." However, the West German "Allgemeine Zeitung", in an article of April 21, puts it very well: "Here, too, this incident is not much more than a cold one.
"Here, too, the incident is not much more than a cold snarl. For the basic idea of this flare-up was put into practice a few years ago in the prison of DeGerasse, where he is today.
The basic idea of this fire was started a few years ago by De Geras, who is in prison today." Of course, there is a certain difference between de Geras and the Trotskyist group, and that difference is that de Geras was a Marxist-Leninist.
The difference is that Dzheeras has not even put on the Marxist-Leninist garb, while the Kuto group is still more interested in Marxism-Leninism as a pretext.
But did it ever occur to Mentor that the contents of the Southern Communist Party were in fact a reprint of the pamphlet "The New Order" by de Geras?

ws1T6. 1958

| The new order of the Communist Party of China (CPJC) was a reprint of the pamphlet
The best thing is for Tito to pick up De Geras's booklet "The New Order". Better Tito take up the drink of de Gerace to limit himself.

The people of Yugoslavia, after the success of the anti-fascist movement, began to follow the path of syncretism. However, under Tito's policy
However, under the domination of Tito's policy, Yugoslavia has not been able to fight on the road of conferenceism, not only in the paper war, but also in the political and ideological worlds,
Yugoslavia has not yet solved the problems of the internal struggle against the two paths. In the countryside there, the individual
In the countryside there, the individual economy still accounts for more than 90 percent of the population, which is a good way to save the glass for the resurgence of capitalism.

The problem of ownership in Yugoslavia cannot be solved alone. The more serious problem for the Yugoslav people is that the U.S. imperialists are not able to realize that the U.S. is not the only country in the world.
The more serious problem for the people of Yugoslavia is that the dollar policy of US imperialism is playing a role in the leadership of the bloc, which has put the people of Yugoslavia on the path of direct unionism.
the path of direct unionism.

The dollar policy of U.S. imperialism towards Yugoslavia began in 1945, as shown in the materials of the previous parties. Before
Before 1945, the Chinto bloc had already begun to depart from the orbit of proletarian internationalism and to form a reactionary bourgeois-nationalism, which was the same as that of the U.S. imperialists.
static nationalism, which was connected with the dollar policy of the U.S. imperialists, a kind of dollar policy in Yugoslavia that got a
thousands of consequences of the dollar policy in Yugoslavia. However, until now, a considerable number of people among the Yugoslav people and the members of the JCS have not realized this.
this.         .
Although the Jugoslav Communist Party has moved to call *individual ownership? and "private land production? and "private land production" are also "socialism". but it is understandable that the Southern Communist Party leadership does not necessarily want to, and cannot
It is understandable that the Southern Communist Party's two guiding groups do not necessarily want to, and cannot, abolish all at once some form of public ownership that has been realized in the past.
It is understandable, however, that the Southern Communist Party leadership does not necessarily want to, and cannot, abolish all at once some form of public ownership that has been realized in the past. If they did, they would not only jeopardize the interests of the Yugoslav working class and other conscious working people, but they would also be in danger of losing the Yugoslavia.
If this were to happen, not only would the Yugoslav working class and other conscious working people lose their trust, but the Yugoslav leadership would also lose its political credentials as an advocate for its own people and as a disruptive force in the international arena.
It would also lose its political credentials to bargain with the US imperialists.

The mothballing policy of the Jugoslavian people and the communists of the Yugoslav Party who are loyal to the Jagdpanist Party are on the path of conservatism, and the Central Powers will not be able to realize their goal.
The policy of the Zeto group was a contradiction in terms. Therefore, the Hutto group was happy to preserve some form of communalism in order to preserve its own support.
The Hutto Group is therefore happy to preserve some form of communalism in order to preserve its own support. As long as the Hutto Group is aware of the hostility of the international communist movement and accepts the USSR as the common denominator, the U.S. imperialists will not be able to take any action against the Hutto Group.
The U.S. imperialists also agreed to the preservation of certain forms of public ownership in Yugoslavia, as long as the Chinto bloc was aware that it was hostile to the international communist movement and accepted the Soviet Union as a universal communist camp.
The U.S. imperialists also agreed to the preservation of certain forms of public ownership in Yugoslavia and adopted a "non-interventionist" attitude. For example, on November 9, 15,000, the "American News and Attack" wrote.
"In the tax-heavy world of the Soviet Union, it is now the socialist countries outside the USSR that are being taxed," he said.
The Eisenhower administration has moved to support Titoism.
The Eisenhower administration supported Titoism." In a press conference on the role of Yugoslavia last year, Mr. Szigetz said, "We've got a lot to learn about Yugoslavia, and we've got a lot to learn about it.
It is possible to have a communist regime that is not controlled by our 'international communism' or Soviet-style communism.
It is possible to have a communist regime that is not controlled by our 'international communism' or Soviet-style communism.

In the view of the Marxists, in societies governed by a number of classes of people, it is possible for a communist regime to be established without being dominated by us or by an international communist regime or by a Soviet-style communist regime.
In the view of the Marxists, in some societies ruled by a class of people, it is not a bad thing to allow some form of "public ownership" as long as it harms or even favors the fundamental interests of the class. It is not surprising that some form of "public ownership" is permitted, as long as it harms or even favors the fundamental interests of that class. For example.

Issue T" 17.

| | |
In a feudal society, the preservation of some kind of village commune, some kind of communal ownership, or some form of self-government, is shed when the Pushchow
In a feudal society, the preservation of a village commune, a form of communal ownership or a form of self-government is a matter of common sense. In a capitalist society, the joint-stock company can also be a form of "public ownership" for the capitalists.
In a capitalist society, a joint stock company can also be a form of "public ownership" for the capitalist. However, as we all know, that form of ownership does not hinder, but rather ensures that the Chabon family gets the highest level of ownership.
The Chabon family was guaranteed the highest profits. After the October Revolution, the counter-revolutionaries wanted to make use of the soviets.
After the October Revolution, counter-revolutionaries tried to use the soviets as a means of "supporting the soviets with the participation of non-producers"; after the collectivization of agriculture in the USSR, some counter-revolutionaries also tried to use the soviets as a means of "supporting the soviets".
After the collectivization of agriculture in the USSR, some counter-revolutionaries also wanted to make use of the collective farms as a form of "collective security without the participation of members of the proletariat".
The Soviet Union was collectivized in the form of collective farms. Stalin was right in saying that "everything depends on what the form contains".
The form of rent bondage is not political, it is not political, it is not political, it is only a crude form, but the question is where it is held, where it is not guided.
The question is, where is it held, where is it guided?

As Mao Zedong said in his "Questions on the Proper Handling of Internal Contradictions among the People", the revisionists also pay lip service to the idea that the people's internal contradictions are not a matter of politics, but of the people's internal contradictions, and that they are not a matter of politics.
Revisionists also pay lip service to Marxism. In Yugoslavia, the Hutto group allowed people to hang up pictures of Marx and Lenin.
In Yugoslavia, the Hutu group also allowed people to put up pictures of Marx and Lenin. The nature of the problem is similar to that of the previous question. What the Tito group did was to keep the Kremlin's rhetoric tightly in place.
The Tito group's approach was to preserve the rhetoric of Kepiism and to cut out its revolutionary content. In countries where the workers' movement has a Marxist message, revisionists, opportunists
The opportunists, the opportunists, can accept certain parts of the doctrine in accordance with the interests of the proletariat, even if this is the case.
Even this is a kind of class struggle. Lenin said: "If one accepts only class struggle, one is not a fundamentalist, one has not left the proletarian class, and one has not left the proletarian class.
He is also a person who has not left the sphere of proletarian ideology and proletarian policy. To limit the paralyzing influence of Marxism by means of class struggle is to sever the ties of Marxism.
To restrict paralyticism by means of class struggle is to split up paralyticism, to explain away paralyticism, and to make it acceptable to the proletariat. Only by
those who extend the mad class struggle to the dictatorship of the proletariat in general are the Marxist-phoenixist tide." However, the opportunism of the same
Tito's group went even farther than the opportunists who were fighting for the sake of the U.S. imperialists. In order to adapt to the needs of the U.S. imperialists, they
needs, they obliterated the class struggle as well.

The SCAP claims that under no circumstances can they change their revisionist position, and that any "change of position" that is attributed to them is not acceptable to the US imperialists.
Any "attempt" to make them change their position is an "illusion" and "futile". and "futile". At the same time, they claim that they cannot
At the same time, they also claimed that they could not "cease their practice", that is to say, they could even move towards Marxism-Leninism. From this we can see that the C.C.C.
This is possible. Is this fight good for Marxism-Leninism? Comrade Mao Tse-tung said that, under certain conditions.
Comrade Mao Zedong said that under certain conditions, "saving can be turned into a good thing". Things always develop according to the dialectic. The Communist Party of China (CPC) has centralized the modern revisionist ideology.
The concentration of the modern revisionist ideology in Yugoslavia will also educate the people of Yugoslavia and international communism in the opposite direction, and will enable people to further recognize what is Zenk and what is not.
This will make it possible to recognize further what is Kristian-Leninism and what is anti-Kristian-Leninism. The Togolese Leninists
An unequivocal and unambiguous fight against revisionism will certainly bring the international communist movement a good start.
The international communist movement is in a good position to do so.

"18.                                        In 1958

| The year 1958.
Half a day

One of the basic features of our time was the existence of two fundamentally opposed economic systems in the world.
On the one hand, there is socialism, which is developing, and on the other hand, there is imperialism, which is declining and giving way. At present, just as the USSR, China and other countries of the socialist camp are in the midst of the
At present, while the USSR, China and other countries in the socialist camp are making great leaps forward in production, China, as the first six countries in the imperialist camp, is experiencing a deep economic crisis.
The economic crisis is deep and devastating. This once again demonstrated to the whole world that the system of imperialism was in a state of abject failure.
It also demonstrated the superiority of the club system.4 Now the economic crisis in the United States is hitting the whole subnationalist world.
The US crisis is now hitting the entire subaltern world. This is the beginning of a different economic opportunity for the world of capitalism on the basis of a widening of the general crisis of capitalism.
This is the beginning. The development of the crisis will definitely further intensify the contradictions in the imperialist sector, and will lead the national liberation movements of the colonized countries and the colonialist countries to a more radical development.
The national liberation movements in the colonial countries will be intensified, and the consciousness of the working class and the masses in the capitalist countries will be raised to a higher level of enlightenment, and the revolutionary struggle will be intensified.
The working class and the masses of the people in the capitalist countries have become more conscious and the revolutionary struggle has developed even more. This was an important event that moved the whole world of capitalism, and it was a further
It is a new sign of the overthrow of the West and will have a great influence on the development of the situation in the future.

Next

The crisis in the United States is a cyclical overproduction crisis. The crisis is first and foremost a crisis of overproduction.
It began with a sharp decline in industrial production. In December, 1955, industrial production in the USA reached its highest level since the beginning of the crisis.
In December 1955, it reached its highest level since its inception, with an index of 47 (100 for the period 1971-1949). Compared with this peak, the index of production in
Compared with this peak, the index of production in March of this year had already fallen to 122, i.e., by a further 13 percent. And the magnitude of this decline
This decline is much more drastic than the two post-war crises in the U.S. in the years 14,000-1,119 and 1,533-1,914, respectively.
The first quarter of this year has been a hu-ming. In the first quarter of this year, production fell sharply, affecting all industrial sectors, and the most serious decline was in the industrial drug base.
The most serious decline was in the heavy industry, which is the foundation of the industry. Comparing the first quarter of this year with the first quarter of last year, production fell by 10.5 percent.
production fell by 10.5 percent (the start of the iron industry averaged 54 percent in the first quarter of last year, but fell to 16 percent in the second quarter of last year).
Double fell to the Philosopher's 16th), coal production Yan decreased by 21 percent, oil production decreased by 12 percent, and
The silicon production of automobiles decreased by 32-1 days, and the production of lathes decreased by one-third. The production of lathes was reduced by one-third.
Certain industries which have been in a state of confusion for many years, such as the Republican industry, fell by 11.0 percent in February this year compared with December 1956, and the Yogurt industry fell by 11.0 percent this year compared with December 2016.
The industry is down by 6.5 percent in February of this year compared with December of 1966, and the industry is down by 6.5 percent in March of last year, and so on.

Another important symptom of the crisis is the rapid increase in the number of lost seeds. According to the official figures published in the United States, the number of fully unemployed people is more than five at present.
According to the official figures released by the US, the number of totally unemployed people is more than 50 million, reaching the highest peak in 16 years. This is due to the fact that the U.S. authorities have put a lot of people out of work.

The first 19.

| | | | | | |
The number of unemployed workers in the United States is still much higher than the actual number of unemployed workers in the United States. The number of unemployed and underemployed workers in the United States is estimated to be over 10 million.
The number of unemployed and underemployed workers in the United States has exceeded 10 million, accounting for more than one-sixth of the total number of people employed in the United States. In addition, the average number of hours worked per
The average number of hours worked per job has dropped from 41 hours in December, 1972, to 333 hours in April of this year.
The average working hours per bureau have been reduced from 41 hours in December 1912 to 30.3 hours in April this year. Some of the supplementary income they used to earn from overtime work is now gone. And prices are still rising. Therefore, even
workers who have not yet lost their jobs, their inter-party labor rates are decreasing. According to official information, the actual workload of working people will be reduced by the end of this year.
According to the official data, the actual work rate of the workers in the industry has been lowered by 4.7 percent in the past year up to January this year. As in all crises, the Chabon family first
As in all crises, the Chabon family is first and foremost attacking the low standard of living of the working class. The growing army of unemployed in the U.S.
The growing army of unemployed in the United States is reminiscent of the situation in the 1930s. The United States recruited

Newspapers in the United States reported on the sadness of the working class and the fact that the number of unemployed people was still growing.
  and the number of unemployed people is still

The tragic situation has been widely reported. As the economic crisis deepens and widens, the situation is becoming more and more desperate.
As the economic crisis deepens and widens, the livelihood of the working class is still being drastically deprived.

Agricultural production in the United States, on the other hand, has been in a state of surplus for a long time. Wheat seeding and accumulation, has increased from one to four to 11,000 tons.
The wheat seeding and volume has increased from 27DO square hectares in 1972 to 1.7OO square hectares in 157 years. 7OO square hectares, production from 3,-OOO million
metric tons to 11 DO million metric tons. Although the U.S. government has reduced the agricultural acreage and production, well and with the government axle
The government also used the government price to maintain the price of agricultural products. Purchase of agricultural products and to the outside world and other methods, but still can not coup the agricultural overproduction caused by the serious situation.
However, it still could not solve the serious situation caused by the overproduction of agriculture. Agricultural famine has become a constant part of the American capitalist economy in the long run.

All of these facts show that the U.S. is in a serious crisis. In the face of this fact.
There are various bourgeois and orthodox arguments about "people's capitalism", "capitalism can escape the crisis", "the crisis is not a problem", "the crisis is not a problem", "the crisis is not a problem", "the crisis is not a problem", "the crisis is not a problem".
The "fundamentalist" Marxist theory of crisis is outdated", "as a result of the accumulation and concentration of production, there is a greater risk of a crisis in the economy," and "as a result of the accumulation and concentration of production, there is a greater risk of a crisis in the economy.
As production builds up and is centralized, there is a greater likelihood that the planning factor will be incorporated into the delivery of goods and services within the framework of the crisis. All of this propaganda has been

All of this propaganda has been destroyed. The facts prove that the Marxist-Unionist statement in the Moscow Declaration of the Communist and Workers' Parties of the Balkanist countries.

The Civist assertion that "the subaltern economy is incapable of new, deep shocks and crises" is entirely correct.
Now, what the Haumea proletariat is waiting for is not whether there is a crisis or not (they are afraid of "retreat"), but how deep and wide the crisis will be, and how long it will last.
Now it is not a question of whether there is a crisis or not (they are afraid of a "Yuan retreat"), but of the depth and breadth of the crisis, how long it will last, and so on.

The crisis in the United States, like the crisis in Portugal, is a result of the intensification of the misalignment of the productive forces and relations of production in the capitalist economy, which has led to the emergence of a crisis in the United States.
The crisis in the United States is the result of the sharpening of the misalignment of the productive forces and relations of production. Specifically, the anarchy of production in the post-war period was aggravated under the dictatorship and the expansion of production.
The contradiction between the expansionist tendency of production and the limited development of the market has reached a certain level of crisis.
The degree of crisis has reached a certain level. From all points of view, the period of prosperity that the U.S. economy had enjoyed for several years had definitely come to an end. According to the law of development of the
In accordance with the law of development of the Sicilian hunting economy, the crisis of cyclical overproduction is inevitable and indispensable. It was the
The factors that contributed to the prosperity of the U.S. economy in the post-occupation period have developed into factors that have contributed to the crisis in Portugal.
The factors that contributed to the crisis in Portugal.

ss20, 1958

| Now, Ri, the opposite of them, the factors that contributed to the crisis in Portugal.
Now, Ri their opposite, became the
the cause of the crisis and its development.

One of the major factors that supported the post-war prosperity of the United States was the arms race. Soon after the end of World War II, the U.S.
Soon after the end of the Second World War, the United States embarked on the expansion of its armaments and preparations for war. In the past thirteen years, the direct military expenditure of the United States amounted to three thousand nine hundred and sixty-six billion dollars.
Nowadays, the annual defense expenditure of the United States accounts for more than 14% of the national income. Undoubtedly, the militarization of the U.S. has played a great role in the development of the U.S. economy.
The militarization of the United States has played a great role in the development of the country's economy, but the consequences of this development are the unilateral expansion of production and the deformation of the development of productive forces. On the one hand
On the one hand, the heavy industry was expanding rapidly, but on the other hand, the production of daily necessities was in a state of collapse. Here is only an example of the production of mesh iron.
The development of steel production in the United States was the result of the development of steel production in the United States. The development of steel production in the United States was directly related to the war and war preparation. In the four years following World War I, American steel production increased.
In the four years following World War I, U.S. steel production grew by only two percent. After the Second World War, steel production in the United States increased from a long time
After the Second World War, its steel production increased from the long-stagnant level of 40 million tons to about 80 million tons, and after the Korean War, it failed to increase to about 100 million tons.
Increase to 100 million tons. The growth of the production capacity of the mesh bag brought a great disaster to the U.S. economy. The decline in U.S. production
The decline in U.S. production was most severe in the netting industry and in the next industrial sectors directly related to the NWT. At the same time, the increase in costs
The increase in the cost of military expenditures has added to the burden of the people. The average cost of military spending per person in the United States is 1929-19119, and the average cost of military spending per person in the United States is 1929-19119.

This greatly limited the purchasing power of the population, which in turn prevented the production of living materials from developing accordingly.
Producer material production. The outbreak of the US crisis has precisely illustrated this situation. Therefore, the expansion of armaments
On the contrary, it deepened the inner contradictions of the American economy and made the crisis even more serious.
The updating and expansion of the model was also a very important factor in the post-war prosperity of the United States. However, the expansion of production capacity was not accompanied by the expansion of consumption capacity.
However, in the production capacity expansion at the same time, the consumption capacity Han did not get the corresponding growth, the result caused the excess production capacity. According to the U.S.
According to the estimation of the American press, after the war, the production capacity of the United States increased by 8 percent per year, while the production volume increased by 3 percent per year.
Three, so the under-utilization has been the United States of America in the path of the common phenomenon. The start-up rate of enterprises was 92% at the end of May, 1959, and 92% at the end of May, 1959, of the total number of enterprises.
At the end of 1995, it was 92 percent, at the end of 1995, it was 10 percent, and in September of 1957, it was 11 percent.
In January of this year, it was down to 7%. In 1994 and 119, and again in 114, the start-up rate dropped to as low as 7%.
The minimum number of labor starts dropped to 11 percent. But the crisis started last September, and it's been down to 10 percent.
This is an indication of the crisis of overproduction in the United States. This shows the severity of the overproduction crisis in the United States. In the period of crisis, the profitability of the shoe industry started to decline.
The first quarter of this year, compared with the same period last year. In the first quarter of this year, compared with the same period of last year, the total profit of the shoe industry declined by 3% - Wang. At the same time.
Stock prices are also falling. For example, the stocks of companies producing consumer goods in Australia have fallen by 11 percent in the last year.
Eleven percent. Related to all this is the rapid decline in fixed capital investment in the United States. According to the U.S. Department of Commerce
According to the U.S. Department of Commerce, the U.S. fixed capital investment will be $5 billion less than in 1957, a decline of 13 percent.
Among them, the investment of non-ferrous gold bureau is reduced by 43%, such as iron industry and another 10 days, the automobile industry 18%, and the transportation industry 30%.
The automobile industry was 18 percent, and the transportation industry was 30 percent. According to the analysis of various aspects, now the United States due to the process of Qinben renewal has basically floor
The first 21.

In the 1930s, the US dollar was seven dollars, but in recent years, it has increased to about 150 dollars, which is more than 30 times the amount of the US dollar.  The United States of America is now in the process of updating the United States of America's fixed costs.

| The number of dollars has increased by more than 30 times in recent years.

This is the reason why the U.S. economy is in such a state of flux. This is one of the deeper roots of the U.S. crisis, which could be more severe and long-lasting.
This is a deep-rooted cause of a more severe and protracted crisis in the United States.

Another important factor that enabled the U.S. to increase industrial output after the war was the strengthening of the working class and the lowering of the level of health care for the underprivileged.
level of health care for the working class and lowering the level of health care for the immigrant population. In this respect, too, things have come to the opposite end of the spectrum. A decisive factor in the economic crisis of the United States was the
One of the decisive causes of the economic crisis in the United States has been the relative decline in the income of the working people, the decline in their purchasing power, the decline in the domestic market, the decline in the income of the working class and the decline in the level of health care.
and the purchasing power of the working people declined, and the domestic market was relatively small. On the one hand, the working people are subjected to the daily suffering of their own country, and on the other hand, they have to pay for the work of the proletarian state.
On the one hand, the working people have to bear a huge burden of donations for the late proletarian state. Nowadays, with the increase of unemployment and unemployment among the unemployed and the decrease of actual workers, the working people have to pay a huge amount of contributions to the end-productive state.
Now, with the increase of unemployment, unemployment in the middle and the decrease of actual workers, the income of the working people is declining rapidly. In March of this year, the total amount paid for work in the processing industry was down by a fraction of a percentage point from the amount paid in December of last year.
In March of this year, the total amount paid for work in the processing industry was 16 percent lower than in December of last year. In one year, the total amount paid to workers in the United States amounted to $15 billion. A
Farmers' incomes in the first quarter of 1957 were down by as much as one-third from the level of the previous year.

The expansion of the economy also contributed to the decline of the domestic market. Because the postwar expansion of the U.S. economy was initially out of step with the
Consumers old ability to pay does not match, so Moss Sibben took in addition to the purchase, installment payment and many other artificial means to seek to
Make consumers pay for future purchasing power in advance to maintain and stimulate demand in the domestic market. And the slight economic prosperity of the United States after becoming
prosperity, to a large extent, is built on this false and unqualified cause. By the end of the first quarter of this year, U.S. residents' debt had already reached the level of
At the end of the first quarter of this year, the debt of American residents had reached one thousand seven hundred and sixty billion dollars, accounting for more than one percent of their annual income. The debt is more than... Each year, U.S.
Consumers pay back $51 billion in principal and interest each year, which is roughly 17 percent of each person's after-tax income. Now, U.S.
Now, these artificial measures used by the American monopoly capital to stimulate production are not only becoming less and less effective, but have also caused the opposite effect.
The result is that the contradiction between production and the market is widening, and the crisis of overproduction is deepening day by day.

Not only the domestic market, diagnosis and foreign market demand for U.S. goods is also declining. February this year's U.S. exports
In February of this year, U.S. exports fell by less than one-third compared to March of last year, the highest month for U.S. exports. This is also of great significance
This is also of great significance. One of the most important factors contributing to the growth of U.S. production after the war was that the U.S. took advantage of the favorable situation in the post-war Chabonist world market to strengthen its production capacity.
The U.S. took advantage of the favorable situation in the post-war world market to strengthen its foreign expansion, and implemented a series of measures such as the "Verbena Demon Plan" and foreign "aid" to capture markets for itself.
The U.S. has taken a series of measures, such as the "Whirlwind Program" and "foreign aid", to capture sales markets and spheres of influence for itself. The share of the United States in the year 147 reached its peak, that is to say, it accounted for
The United States' share reached its peak in 147, accounting for 32.5 percent, but it has been declining greatly since then, and in recent years it has dropped to about 10 percent.
Now, not only Britain and France Now, not only Britain and France have regained the status of competing countries, but also West Germany and Japan have returned to the status of serious competing countries.
West Germany, Japan and other countries have reappeared in the world market as serious competitors. The competition in the world is more centralized than ever.
more centralized than ever. 
In the crisis, the U.S. could still take advantage of some favorable conditions in the world market to strengthen its foreign expansion and reduce the pressure of domestic overproduction to a certain extent.
The United States could still take advantage of some favorable conditions of theå¦æœ¬ä¸»ä¹‰ world market at that time to intensify its foreign expansion and more or less alleviate the pressure of domestic overproduction, and the Western European countries were generally in an upward stage, then the present situation is far different.
The situation would be far different now. As the conditions of the crisis in the entire humanist world become more and more serious, the crisis in the United States will certainly become deeper and wider.
The crisis in the U.S. is bound to deepen and expand.

29. 1958

| The United States of America's post-war years.
One can see that in the post-war years, the U.S. broke Chabon's unlimited expansion of production in order to extract the highest possible profits, literally doing everything.
In the post-war years, one can see that the United States has done everything possible to extract the highest possible profits by expanding production indefinitely. But some of the post-war dysentery that played a role in the rise of American production has disappeared and some is disappearing.
Some of these factors have disappeared, some are disappearing, and the artificial stimulus is becoming less and less effective. This is the direct cause of the economic crisis in the United States.
The direct cause of the economic crisis in the United States.

As far back as 1947, when the U.S. imperialist economy was still in the midst of the Yong Sei Qiu Ye, Comrade Mao Zedao said.
In "The Present Situation and Our Task", he predicted that "the economic power of the United States imperialists, which was strengthened during the Second World War, has become destabilized.
The economic power of the United States, which was strengthened by imperialism during the Second World War, has led to an unstable domestic market and a small international market. The further weakening of this market will
The further weakening of the market will lead to the outbreak of an economic crisis. The economic crisis in the United States, which was a "temporary phenomenon", was a complete turnaround of Mao Zedong's economic crisis.
The economic crisis in the U.S.A. completely realized Mao Zedong's prediction.

Although it is not yet possible to make a basic prediction of the depth and duration of the economic crisis in the U.S., according to the present situation, it is generally possible to see that Mao Zedong's economic crisis will be a major factor.
The situation can generally be seen, this crisis will be deep and relatively long-lasting, is not the same as the four and one pill.
It is not comparable to the two crises in the same period of four years and one year ago, when the crisis was shorter and smaller.

In front of the crisis of talent in the United States, there are some people in the United States who hope that the government will take all kinds of "anti-crisis" measures.
Some people in the United States wanted the government to take all kinds of "anti-crisis" measures to stop the crisis, while the monopolists and their politicians. The monopolists and their politicians are also taking their "anti-crisis" measures.
and "anti-crisis" measures.

First of all, the "anti-crisis" measures taken by the American powers-that-be are very generalized. They are trying to create
They tried to create an atmosphere of optimism and to influence people psychologically. Therefore, from Eisenhower to the car king Chet, all of them are changing their minds and trying to make all kinds of tricks.
They are trying to make people not to lose confidence in the U.S. economy.
to lose confidence in the U.S. economy. The bourgeois politicians hail "anti-crisis" measures for one more month, just for the sake of the people. Measures for one more month are aimed at winning the hearts and minds of the people and
to their political opponents. Meanwhile, the Qundo family and their newspapers are working on how to make the crisis healthy and "clear the air".
This is to use the crisis as a means of "cleansing" the material and civil life of the working class and the working people.
A big company "Kroger" attacked the snow chief Hall has played "if you do not have a certain ratio of human resources, the market will not have normal conditions.
If you don't have a certain amount of manpower, there will be no normal conditions in the market. Some newspapers in the United States have also shown that, in order to weaken the threat of capitalism, some increase in unemployment seems to be worthwhile.
Some increase in unemployment seems to be welcome.

In general, there is a great deal of variation within the Hertz group in terms of how the crisis is perceived and what "anti-crisis" measures are being taken.
There are a number of changes within the Hedgehog Group, and they have been going on for a long time. Behind these divisions and theories are the conflicting interests of the various
Behind these arguments are the conflicts of interest between the various political groups and parties of the proletariat. For example, some are in favor of tax cuts, some are against tax cuts, some are in favor of this kind of tax cuts, some
Some advocate tax cuts in this way and some advocate tax cuts in that way.
Some advocate large increases in government spending, while others disagree that this will deepen the deficit and inflation; some advocate the expansion of foreign aid. Some were opposed to the idea of expanding foreign aid". This conflict of interest has caused the governments serving the Barbary Points to be in conflict with each other in the first place.
-This conflict of interest has made the Government which serves the Barbarians indecisive and indecisive on a number of issues.

Issue 1 *23

| The United States has taken a number of steps to counter the crisis.
Some of the "anti-crisis" measures taken by the U.S. government, in a nutshell, are to increase government spending and to loosen the monetary system.
The measures taken by the U.S. government were to increase government spending and to loosen the monetary system. The public works projects that have not yet started (such as roads and hospitals) are not only a drop in the bucket, but will only make a small difference after a considerable period of time.
Only after a considerable period of time will it be able to play a small role. The relaxation of the monetary policy, i.e., the lowering of the credit limit and the relaxation of the terms of the loan amnesty, will be difficult to realize in a crisis situation.
Moreover, the bitter fruit of credit expansion can also cause or accelerate credit and lending crises.
The financial crisis. If it can do some good, it is still for expanding the ordering of goods. The U.S. Minjida is the most active in this regard.
is the most active. This year's military spending rose by four billion dollars over the same period last year. But this is still not enough to stop
to stop the crisis from deepening. Because, in January of this year alone, U.S. industry accepted $4.5 billion less in new shipments than it did in January of last year.
billion dollars. Moreover, military spending is mainly on missiles, which do not require a lot of labor.
Nor can it solve the problem of the serious shortage of labor in enterprises. In fact, this cyclical economic crisis is precisely the result of a military crisis.
The big goods have been silver high level occurred. In 1956, the U.S. government's crystallization pro goods accounted for 10.3 percent of national investment in the economy.
percent of national economic investment, and in the third quarter of 1975, it rose to 19.9 percent. This has not
If this has not saved the U.S. economy from this economic crisis, how can the military ordering of the U.S. economy overcome the crisis that is already deepening day by day?
How can we overcome the deepening crisis? At the time, due to popular opposition, fiscal deficits and inflationary pressures, the U.S. economy was in the midst of an economic crisis.

It is also difficult for the US government to further increase military spending.
The various "anti-crisis" measures taken by the US government, aa those

The measures taken by the U.S. government to counter the crisis, aa those measures, are only in the "anti-crisis". These measures are only to reduce the productivity, such as to demobilize the workers and to lower the level of medical care of the people, etc. The main purpose is to reduce the productivity of the people.
The main purpose of these measures is to maintain and increase the profitability of the labor force.

Bourgeois scholars and modern revisionists have particularly emphasized the "super-ranking" status of the state and its "regulating" role at the stage of capitalism.
Bourgeois scholars and modern revisionists particularly emphasize the "super-ranking" status of the state in the capitalist stage, its "regulating role", its "economic function" and its "planning capacity". However, as mentioned above, the countries with the monopoly of capital do not have the power to control the advertisement machine, but have no control over the advertisement machine.
But, as mentioned above, the countries with the monopoly of capital not only did not do anything about the machine, but also took some measures to transfer the bad consequences of the crisis to the working people.
In the face of the ever-deepening crisis, how much of a "second-guessing role" and "Yuanji party" can the countries that have cut off capital play? What do you mean by "super-trash"?
What is the nature of the "super-order"? Is it a strengthening of the "planning factor" or a deepening of the state of lawlessness? Here.
Here, too, the modern revisionism of "Rikki" is exposed.

The crisis of the United States of America is the beginning of a worldwide crisis of the net economy of feebenism. This is partly due to the fact that the US is the leader of the imperialist
On the one hand, since the United States is the leader of the imperialist camp and its industrial production accounts for the lion's share of the world's industrial production, the crisis in the United States could not but have a serious blow and a deep impact on the capitalist hunters in the world.
The crisis in the United States could not but deal a severe blow and have a profound effect on the hunters of the capitalist world. On the other hand, because the conditions inherent in the crises in the other countries have changed.
The conditions for a crisis in other countries are already present or are ripe. This makes a worldwide crisis of overproduction unavoidable.
This makes a worldwide crisis of overproduction unavoidable.                          -The crisis of global overproduction has become unavoidable.

In fact, the crisis has already begun in many capitalist countries. The other major capitalist countries, except the United States, have
There has been a generalized phenomenon of overproduction, a decline in the availability of goods, a drop in investment, and a rise in selling difficulties. Shipbuilding and shipping

"2, I958

| The world crisis of the shipbuilding and shipping industries has reached a serious stage.
The world crisis reached a serious level, with more than three million ships in disuse. The crisis also affected the world raw materials market, causing a general decline in the prices of raw materials.
The crisis also affected the world's raw materials market, causing a general decline in the prices of raw materials. Nowadays, the crisis has affected the lives of the people of the most urgent capitalist countries.
The crisis has affected the lives of the people of the capitalist countries. From the very beginning, the US economic crisis has affected the economies of other capitalist countries. The countries most closely linked to the US economy, i.e.
The countries with the closest economic relations with the United States, i.e., the countries with the deepest economic ties with the United States, have been affected by the current crisis in the United States most quickly, directly and obviously.
The countries with the closest economic ties with the United States, i.e., the countries with the deepest ties with the United States, will be affected by the current U.S. economic crisis the fastest, the most directly and the most obviously. Canada, which has extremely close economic relations with the United States, is the first country to follow the United States into a serious crisis.
Japan, which is more dependent on the United States in terms of marriage economy, is also facing a crisis of overproduction. From July last year to this year
From July last year to July this year, Japan's industrial output dropped by 12%. Even according to official figures, the number of workers in Japan's manufacturing industry has fallen from 53 in January of this year.
The number of unemployed workers in Japan has dropped from 530,000 in January to 150,000 in March. The number of unemployed workers in Japan has been
The number of unemployed workers in Japan has always been famous. Due to the lack of sales, Japan's industrial production was still in the process of massive reduction of production. The policy of subsidizing the U.S.A. implemented by the government of Nobuko Yasunosuke was even more important.
The policy of pursuing the U.S.A. greatly deepened the difficulties of Luben's marriage.              5
The situation in Western Europe was also very bad. The industrial output of West Germany had begun to decline. Britain

state. France's economic difficulties are becoming more serious by the day. Belgium, atmosphere Wei, etc., have surnamed the beginning of the

National production has just stopped for a long time.
The crisis of overproduction.
Western European countries, in the second can attack the world war after the big tin eleven or two years, in order to example after the recovery of the acid loss of economic and
Fixed Qinben renewal and expansion, and public transportation from the United States to import large quantities of goods, they have been the United States of America's merchandise sales of the largest market.
They have been the largest market for U.S. goods. This fresh need, for the second type of world after the great success of the United States paper economy then fox played a certain role in supporting, and
More or less graded and the United States before the two six ballads Hu crisis. However, now the average speed of industrial production and fixed income in Western countries are declining.
Jiu Benæ‰³è¡¨å·´åœ¨ä¸‹é™ï¼Œå›­æ—¶ï¼Œmachinery and equipment and other orders are not enough and industrial production stock is not enough to start also from the day to day significantly.
These phenomena show that the Western European countries are basically the same as the United States, has become a huge scale of fixed capital replacement and expansion.
They are no longer in need of the same kind of fixed capital as they were in the past. They no longer need to import large quantities of production materials from the United States as they did in the past, and they no longer play a role in the crisis in the United States.
They no longer have to import large quantities of material from the United States as in the past, nor do they play a role in the American crisis. On the contrary, they are on the verge of a crisis or have already begun one.

The Central and South American countries, which are basically controlled by the United States, have also been in increasingly serious difficulties under the influence of the current crisis in the United States.
Have been purchased in the increasingly serious difficulties. The hunting economy of these countries is to a large extent dependent on exports, and a large part of their exports are also dependent on exports.
A large part of their exports are dependent on the purchase of the United States (such as Java, fruit, tin, copper, owe, nickel, etc.). Now, as the U.S.
reduced purchases, restrictions on imports, and the imposition of rush sales, these countries have been hit by a reduction in exports and a fall in prices. The United States of America is the only country in the world that has been able to achieve this.
As a result, the situation in these countries is deteriorating and production has declined rapidly.

For other economically backward countries, the development of the current U.S. economic crisis is also having a serious impact.
For other economically backward countries, the development of the current US economic crisis is also having a serious impact. In Southeast Asia, for example, for more than a decade after the second World War, the U.S. controlled about four percent of the export trade of Southeast Asian countries, far more than any other country.
For more than a decade after the Second World War, the U.S. controlled about four-fourths of the export trade of Southeast Asian countries, far exceeding the proportion of other countries. Now, due to the crisis in Southeast Asia, the U.S. has greatly reduced its control over this region.
Now, because of the crisis in China, the United States has greatly reduced its purchase of raw materials (such as rubber, tin, jute, etc.) from these countries, which has resulted in a decrease in their exports and a fall in the prices of raw materials.
As a result, the exports of these countries have been reduced and the prices of raw materials have fallen, which has led to a decline in their production and a decrease in their foreign revenues, and has begun to affect their economic development.

The decline in foreign income began to affect these countries.

|The decline in production in these countries and the fall in foreign income began to affect the employment of these countries.
The employment of these countries was also affected by the decline in their imports and national government. Importation and State Governance.

What is happening now is that the crisis in the United States is contributing to the crisis in other Orange countries, and the crisis in other Orange countries is in turn deepening the crisis in the United States.
The crisis in other countries is in turn deepening the crisis in the United States. In this way, the impact of these shocks will accelerate the development of the crisis in the capitalist world.
The development of the crisis in the world's capitalist countries is thus accelerated by the impact of the crisis in the United States.

With the deepening of the crisis in the United States and the expansion of the crisis to the whole of the Chabonist world, the imperialist countries are fighting to seize the market and the sphere of influence of the United States.
The struggle for the territories and spheres of influence of the imperialist countries is bound to become more intense. The U.S. is trying to spread the effects of the economic crisis to other countries.
The U.S. is trying to spread the effects of the economic crisis to other Chabonist countries and to take advantage of the latter's difficulties to strengthen its control over them. Other countries, on the other hand, have tried to prevent the United States from taking advantage of the crisis.
Other capitalist countries, on the other hand, tried to prevent the influence of the US and resisted the control of the US. One can see that not only the imperialist
It can be seen that not only was the main conflict between imperialism and the United States becoming more and more acute, but also the conflicts between West Germany, France, Japan, the United States and Britain were also becoming more and more impoverished.
The United States, France, Japan and the United Kingdom are also becoming more and more impoverished. The conflict between the United States and West Germany, France, Japan and the United States of America has become more and more acute recently.
The conflict with the U.S. in economic terms has become more acute in recent times. Contrary to the imperialists' arguments about defense and "interdependence", the economic crisis has made them more and more
The crisis has intensified their struggle.

Among the opportunistic countries, in order to counteract the effects of the crisis, the United States colonial policy, and the pursuit of the development of a new socialist system, have been criticized by the international community.
The clamor for the scandal of the search for a unionist state has become even louder. Although some Western political groups are still looking for support for the U.S. colonial strategy and policy.
Although some Western countries are still looking for support for the U.S. colonial strategy and policy, there are forces advocating the improvement of East-West relations and the stabilization of international tensions.
The people of these countries are not the only ones who support the U.S. strategy and policy of seizing power. Not only the people of these countries, but also a growing number of people in the proletariat are realizing the danger of following and relying on the United States.
The danger of adherence and dependence on the United States. Centrifugal and neutralist feelings toward the United States will grow even more.

In the face of the deepening economic crisis, the Jizhouist countries, including the United States, have stepped up their foreign military and economic expansion,
The United States has intensified its foreign military, political and economic expansion, especially the drying up and plundering of colonies, middle colonies and other underdeveloped countries.
The U.S. has been trying to export and move, and to regain its power. As a matter of fact, the pre-colonial world economic crisis started by the United States has already dealt a severe blow to these countries.
The United States has started a pre-crisis in the world economy, which has seriously affected the economic life of these countries. This has led to a growing contradiction between these countries and US imperialism and other shell states.
This has led to a growing contradiction between these countries and US imperialism and other shell states, and to the intensification of anti-imperialist and anti-colonialist movements. This situation is particularly
This situation is particularly evident in the recent changes in the situation in Central and South America, which has been the great backyard of the United States. There, the people's anti-American struggle has developed to a great extent.
In order to change this situation and to buy people's confidence, the United States supported and sanctioned the demagogues, who had been put under the thumb.
Nixon, who traveled to South America in order to change the situation and to buy people's hearts, was a full-blown   Nixon was a street rat. With the deepening and widening of the paralyzing economic crisis in the Chabengist world, Asia, Africa, and Central and South America are now in a state of crisis.
With the deepening and widening of the paralyzing economic crisis in the world of Chabonism, the colonialist movements in Asia, Africa and Central and South America are bound to develop further. The imperialist policy of consolidation and expansion is going in the opposite direction.
Imperialist policies of co-operation and expansion are going in the opposite direction, and the process of the colonial masters attacking the system of total domination has been accelerated.

The crisis has also led to a generalized shift within the imperialist countries. Hail Benjamin and his government are using all sorts of
The former working class and other laborers are being attacked by various means, making the latter bear all the consequences of the crisis and become the main perpetrators of the crisis.
As a result, the living conditions of the people worsened. Hunger, food and poverty contributed to the enlightenment of the working class and made them move from Lvmung to

26. Labor 858 years

| The evils of the capitalist system were thus strengthened to fight back.
The evils of the capitalist system have strengthened the struggle against them. For example, there have been repeated demonstrations against unemployment in the United States.
Some American proletarian newspapers have also drawn attention to the social and political unrest that can accompany an economic crisis.
The US government has also been criticized by some American newspapers for being aware of the social and political unrest that can occur in a crisis. Of course, in addition to the attacks on the working people during the crisis, there will also be political attacks, more often than not, on the working people.
-In addition to their livelihoods, they will also attack the working people politically, taking away more of their democratic rights and fascizing certain countries. But the pressure is strong.
But the pressure is strong, and the resistance is strong. This worldwide economic crisis, which is based on a widening of the general crisis of capitalism, will not be able to be avoided.
If it continues, it will inevitably contribute to the emergence of political and revolutionary crises in many capitalist countries.

U.S. imperialism is now in the midst of a serious crisis and many contradictions. A long time ago, Comrade Mao Tse-tung said
Comrade Mao Tse-tung's comments on US imperialism's "external strength"? and "the tiger that runs out of steam". have become clearer and clearer with the vivid facts. U.S. imperialism is the most reactionary and devilish
U.S. imperialism is the most reactionary, rotten and dead capitalism, and it has no future at all. It has no future.
It does everything in a very obvious way, just to clean its own grave. Modern Pentecostalism is like the right-wing Congressional Democrats, whose attempts to glorify American imperialism are nothing more than an attempt to make the world a better place.
Their attempts to glorify American imperialism are nothing but a waste of time.

The US imperialists are intensifying their arms buildup and blocking the international tensions in the face of the growing spasmodic economic crisis.
It is also trying to involve other countries in its attempts to find a way out for itself. Therefore, it is necessary for the people to take advantage of this situation.
We must be aware of the possibility of possible provocations and dangers by the SARG. But at the same time, we should also realize that the current international situation is
completely unfavorable to the imperialist strategy and the forces of war. At present, the peaceful forces, with the socialist camp as the main force, have greatly outnumbered the U.S. imperialist forces.
socialist camp as the main force for peace has greatly exceeded the power of the U.S. imperialists as the second force for war. The people of all countries have been trained to put an end to the successes and dangers of chieftaincy.
The risk of human stabilization. If imperialism is suppressed, the people will wipe it off the face of the earth and bring mankind into socialism.
socialism for all mankind.

Contrary to the situation of crises and contradictions in the imperialist countries, the countries of the socialist camps are in a state of euphoria.
The Soviet Union, China and other countries in the unionist camp are in a state of euphoria. The economies of the USSR, China and other imperialist countries were developing at a much faster pace, and there was a great leap forward on all fronts.
The economy of the USSR, China and other unionist countries is developing at a much faster pace, there is a great leap forward in every aspect, and people's life is gradually improving. In Moscow last November, the Soviet Union, led by the Chinese Communist Party, made a concerted effort to improve the living conditions of the people.
After the Moscow Conference in November last year, there was a greater degree of cooperation and mutual assistance between the Soviet Union and the Chinese Communist Party. Rotary
The contrast between the rise and fall of imperialism and the rise and fall of the world's capitalists has become even more obvious to all the peoples of the world. When the
While the cetacean countries are panicking and at their wits' end before the crisis, the socialist countries are confidently heading for a new
to new heights of feminization. The working people of the socialist countries are realizing more and more that only unionism is the answer to their
the only way out of their disastrous situation.

Let the representatives of the proletariat and revisionists of all colors defend the capitalist system, especially the capitalist tide in the United States!
Go to the defense of the capitalist system, especially the capitalist tide in the United States! Comrade Mao Tse-tung, in his speech at the forty-sixth anniversary of the October Revolution, said, "The socialist system will replace the capitalist system.
It is an objective law that cannot be shifted by people's will that the socialist system will replace the capitalist system. This is an objective law that cannot be changed by people's will.
No matter how the reactionaries try to move forward, the revolution will happen sooner or later, and the revolution will inevitably be victorious." Mao Zedong
These words of Comrade Mao Zedong serve as the essence of this woman.              May 15, 19th, 19th, 19th, 19th, 19th, 19th, 19th, 19th, 19th, 19th

Phase 5.

| |
The working people must be the masters of culture
Ke Qingshi

The working people of the country have been suffering from "poverty and whiteness" for generations. To build our country as soon as possible into a
great socialist country with modern industry, modern agriculture and modern science and culture is the urgent common aspiration of hundreds of millions of people.
It is the urgent and common aspiration of all the people of China.

At the second meeting of the First Congress of the Communist Party, the Party, on the basis of the experience of the construction of socialism in the past few years and the ideas of Mao Zedong, put forward a set of principles for the life of the Party.
It is of great historical significance that the general line of the Party's construction of socialism was finalized on the basis of the experience of socialist construction in the past years and the ideas of Mao Zedong. Practice
The vegetables make it clear. This line is a correct line. It correctly reflects the theory of Zhu Guan, which is that the productive forces of society
After the great emancipation through socialism, the productive forces of society are bound to herniate rapidly; the hundreds of millions of working people are not only pursuing the socialist system, but are also demanding a change in the socialist system, which is a great significance.
The working people are not only eager to change the "poor and white" situation, but are also eager to change the "poor and white" situation, but are also eager to change the "poor and white" situation. The working people are not only eager to change the "poor and white" situation, but also have endless power to realize their aspirations.
The situation of internal and external struggles at home and abroad also requires us to strengthen the material foundation of Zhu Huism as quickly as possible. If we paralyze this course and go against it, we will be able to realize our aspirations.
If we paralyze this line and violate it, we will be committing a crime. This line of work comes from the masses, the hundreds of millions of working people.
When the wisdom of hundreds of millions of working people is concentrated, it becomes a great material force. The Communist Party and the People's Republic of China
The people see more clearly the direction and road of their own advancement, their thinking is wider, their vigor is higher, and their unity is united.
They are united in their endeavor to win victories. We believe that in ten sob years or shorter time Xiao, in the steel
We believe that within ten years or less, we will catch up with and surpass Britain in the production of steel and other major industrial products! In the field of agricultural production, we will make the production of the main agricultural products and the output per unit area
production and output per unit area of the main agricultural products to match or even exceed the output of a group of subaltern countries is not only a must, but is also entirely achievable.
This is not only necessary, but also entirely achievable.

At the end of the day, can we not take the opportunity to carry out the cultural revolution in the same quick and economical way, in 15 years or more?
In fifteen years or more, the construction of women's culture in our country will run as fast as the construction of the economy, and will gradually reach a very prosperous stage.
What will become of people's spiritual outlook?

We can be so interesting.

By the time we arrive at the car, foreign and middle school education will have been popularized, and every prefecture and county will have set up universities or colleges, and in the majority of villages, there will be a large number of health care centers.
And in the majority of villages, there are schools of higher learning. All the working people of the country "knew the principles of socialism and communism".
socialism and communism), all of them have a relatively high level of scientific and chemical knowledge, and all of them know the basic principles of Marxism-Leninism, mathematics, astronomy and theories.
The basic principles of Marxism-Leninism, mathematics, astronomy, geology, agriculture, mechanics, chemistry, physics and electronics have all become commonplace.
The general principles of mathematics, astronomy, geology, agriculture, chemistry, physics, and electronics have all become commonplace for ordinary people. The situation of "a hundred ways" for the prosperity of socialist womanization became even more heated. The situation has become even more heated.
The situation will become even more heated, and the progress of science and technology will be rapid. By that time, we will not only have 100,000 or a million specialists in various aspects of science and chemistry, but we will also have a lot of people who will have a lot of knowledge and experience in the field of science.

28. 1I958

| The company's business is a major player in the chemical industry, and will train tens of millions of professionals from the modern chemical industry.
The company will also train tens of millions of specialized human resources from the practice of modern chemical industry pressure production. All of them have high political awareness and the latest production technology.
They have high political awareness and the latest production technology, they are knowledgeable and eager to work, they are the intellectuals of the working class.
They are the intellectuals of the working class and the laborers of socialism.

At that time, people will lead a more civilized and lively life. Wakefulness, ants, odor, old age, numbness, etc., will have been eliminated.
will have been eliminated. By that time, the environment in the cities and villages will have been greatly improved, and the old basic structure of the old society will have been preserved and used as the basis of the new society.
At the beginning, except for the special preservation of them as the exhibits for nurturing the future generations, they were all replaced by the new sunny and freshly ventilated houses.
In addition to the items specially preserved for future generations, they have also been replaced by new, sunny, and airy rooms. The forests planted in the past and in the future have become forests, the cities have become large gardens, and the countryside has become a place where there are many factories, half-organized streets, and a lot of people are living.
The cities have become big gardens, and the countryside has become a small city with many factories, neat streets, and a wide range of sports facilities, where villages and towns have a lot of water flowing through them. The countryside has become a small city with factories, neat streets, and a wide range of sports facilities.
The people have become the people's double of the outside please, everyone dress whole party, wash their hands before and after doing the toilet, use the fat room and Xu Hu clothing, park the party of the water
Always will create the address world kalu. You will be able to show off your athletic skills in the Sex Games EL by tens of thousands of people.
The Sex Games EL will be a great success. It is not difficult to imagine, then people's diseases will be greatly reduced, can health will be greatly improved, and gradually become moral education,
intellectual education, and physical education will be able to develop the new man.                The

By the time of Hand, new cultural and artistic activities, WA people (Re) in the rare hunger, not only have a better service to the workers and soldiers, but also the Portuguese language.
Not only did they have Portuguese art that better served the workers and soldiers, but also the workers and peasants were able to create their own art with their own hands more skillfully.
The art of culturalization has been created by the workers and peasants. Every factory, mine and cooperative has its own management center, women's museum, singing team and performing team, all of which have their own origin, importance and vision.
All of them have their own origin, importance, and values. People in both urban and rural areas could not only enjoy movies, but also learn from the TV set.
They can also learn from the TV sets, learn from the advanced ministries, learn from the advanced information society, and see the whole earth and the universe with a lot of new things. Back
... In the garden of literature and art, "a hundred flowers bloom" everywhere, and "push down four new things" all the time.                  ||Threads

At that time, a new morality, reflecting the economic foundations of socialism and serving the word, and guaranteeing further filtration into a communist society, will become the most wanted and consciously acted norms of the people.
The new morality, which reflects the foundation of the socialist economy and serves the word, and guarantees further filtration into the communist society, will become the conscious norm of people's thoughts and actions. In the mutual relations of the people and the masses, in the comradeship between the leaders and the masses, in the mutual support of the people and the masses.
The spirit of collectivism, the spirit of "all for one and one for all", will become the most important and conscious norm of people's thoughts and actions. The spirit of collectivism will be developed in the future.
The development. All of us have the ability to work for the benefit of the public. We all have the heroic spirit to fight for the public interest. The legacy of the war against women and women's rights
The attitudes towards women and women's voices that had been left behind by Tikhon disappeared, men and women became equal, and the country became a big, peaceful family,
The country is becoming a big family of peace and harmony. In the next few years, although the conflict between the individual and the collective will still exist, individualism has become a "common enemy".
The contradiction between the advanced and the backward will also exist, and they will fight in a more advanced form than today.
They will fight in a more advanced form than today's, pushing the union forward.

With the high development of productive forces and the increasing abundance of public wealth, the society will continue to develop in a much more advanced form than today.
The sole financial, moral, and intellectual intercourse left behind by the Minghe Society will disappear, and the basic differences between the city and the countryside will be eliminated,
The differences between urban and rural areas, between physical and mental labor will disappear one by one, and the communist society, in which everyone can do what he or she needs, will not be far away.
The communist society will not be far away from us.

Is it practical for us to practise in this way? My answer is that only our

No. 29.

| | | | | | |

I'm a little small-minded, and I don't think big enough. In fifteen years or a little more, we will be able to enter other planets.
In fifteen years or a little more, we will be able to enter other planets, there will be a great development of science and feminization, and the people will be able to create more than ever before.
People will create more experience in building faster and more efficiently than ever before, and I have not yet taken into account the changes that will take place.
I have not yet taken this into account. People's thinking is always limited by historical circumstances. Ten years ago, when we were in Yan'an, we were in the midst of a whole new generation of people.
When we were in Yan'an ten years ago, we had all sorts of thoughts about the future, but many of us had no idea that today, five years later, the Party's Congress was going to be held at the same time as the Party's National Congress.
Now, five years later, the Party's Congress of the People's Republic of China is going to discuss in Beijing how to catch up with or even surpass the United Kingdom within the last year or less. Therefore.
Therefore, we believe that although the whole revolution is not without difficulties, the progress of the revolution will be uneven.
Some of the things mentioned above can be accomplished in a year or two, some in five years, and some in more than a decade.
Some of these things can be accomplished in a year or two, some in five years, some in more than ten years, and some in a longer period of time. However, these various sessions are never a resting place.

It is not for no reason that we are so dominant. The most important reason is that our socialist system has opened the way for the women's revolution.
The road to revolution is wide open. In our society, the foundation of the Bamboo Society is getting stronger and stronger every day.
We are urgently called upon to destroy the capitalist culture, which is served by private ownership, and to build a new socialist culture that reflects public ownership and serves it.
We are urgently demanding that we destroy the capitalist culture that serves private ownership and build a new socialist culture that reflects public ownership and serves the public. The continuous development of our socialist productive forces and the continuous improvement of people's livelihoods have also contributed to the development of a new liberalization of socialism before the Sixth Revolution.
also created the materialization of the six revolutions before the revolution. With the spreading of national industries, with the transportation
 I
Pretty people are laborious, courageous and clever, not only have the great ambition to build a new communist culture, but also have the great ambition to build a new
They not only have the great ambition to build a new communist culture, but also have the endless creativity to build a new communist culture, and they have made indelible contributions to the prosperity of world culture over the past five thousand years.
Is this not an obvious fact? The great leadership of the Central Committee of the Party and Comrade Mao Zedong is correct, and over the past eight years, we have made great progress in the construction of the new culture.
Over the past eight years, we have made achievements never before seen in the history of our country, and now, under the Party's policy of "quicker, better and more economical", the revolution has reached a high level.
Now, under the Party's encouragement, a high level of women's chemical revolution is being formed, which foretells that we will create a more glorious new Jiaohua, is it not possible that we will create a new Jiaohua?
Is this impossible? Let us see; the policy of thrift work and fat laborers will enable us to make all schoolchildren able to learn in the shortest possible time.
In the shortest possible time, we will be able to enroll all school children in elementary school, all elementary school students in secondary schools (including vocational secondary schools and general secondary schools), and some of them will be able to attend a secondary school.
Some townships have already set up agricultural universities, and workers in Shanghai have already reached the secondary school level by one percent through amateur education.
To the secondary school level, why can't we think that after the 10th period of time, all of us can honor the university students? Our patriotic movement centered on electric shock.
Our patriotic movement centered on electric shock, this year to grasp the sudden market, less than a year, the horse has been a small big effect, why can not say
We want to turn our country into a "four-less country" in a few years. And many infectious diseases are rooted in the four nicknames? In the Great Leap Forward in production, the workers and peasants
The Chinese government has already made so many amazing creations, why can't they think that China will be flooded with a large number of even more commercial bone of the people?
Bun Ban, Li Shida, Daluo and Michurin? Now, the three major industrial and peasant masses are making rapid progress in the movement of socialization, and the masses are also extremely active.
The workers in Shanghai have recently written more than a million works in the district, so why don't we imagine that the art of prize
Why can't we envision the blossoming of the art of prize-winning?

| Why can't we envision the blossoming of prize art?
The problem now is that the climax of the cultural revolution is taking shape, and some of us are still lagging behind in our thinking.
They have not yet fully realized the significance of the cultural revolution for the victory of the socialist revolution and the construction of socialism.
significance. Some of us simply regarded it as a matter of a few chemical work and did not understand that the cultural revolution was always an integral part of the main revolution.
The cultural revolution was an integral part of the revolution and an important part of the construction of socialism, and therefore also the second work of the Party and the people of Deng Xiaoping.
It is also the second career of the Party and the people of Deng. As we all know, the fundamental task of the current ideological and cultural revolution is to further promote proletarianism among the masses of the people of China.
The fundamental task in the current ideology is to further promote proletarianism among the masses of the people of China and to eliminate proletarian thinking. The anti-Rightist struggle has clearly exposed the serious problems in the scientific and cultural battlefield.
The anti-Rightist struggle has clearly exposed serious points in the scientific and cultural war. It is not for nothing that some departments have been described as stinking and dirty "dragon presses" full of proletarianism and carbon monetarism.
The more you do, the more you'll be able to get. Although there have been changes in the past year, the influence of the Kuijian buyer's ideology and the obstructionist ideology is still very serious.
The influence of the Kuijian buyer's ideology and the obstructionist ideology is still serious. We must rapidly push forward the cultural revolution, such as the emergence of a working-class cultural army, before we can fully occupy this position and insert ourselves in the cultural revolution.
We must rapidly push forward the cultural revolution, such as the emergence of a working-class cultural army, before we can fully occupy this position, insert proletarian barbarians and uproot paralyzed proletarian whites. Now, there are still some proletarian scientists, engineers and literary
scientists, engineers and literary artists, although politically there is no longer any table of contents, they still have a party of
They are still holding on to the last "trump card" of the "learned and knowledgeable", and they tax themselves as "oddities", refusing to take a break to build themselves up. It is only when the workers and peasants
It is only when countless experts like Li Gumi, who can cure white ants, are constantly emerging from the peasant masses, that the working people can be swindled.
It is only after the working people's knowledge is much more abundant than theirs, and the working people's knowledge is much more advanced than theirs, that many of them will be able to
It is only after they realize that the knowledge of the working people is much more abundant than theirs, that many of them will become more and more obscene with the skin type, and they will sincerely obey and reform themselves with fear and sickness. Even if there are still a small number of people who are still stubbornly immoral, their fate is much worse than that of those who remained after the Xinhai Revolution.
Even if there are still a handful of hard-core immoralists, their fate will only be even colder and more miserable than that of the old and the young who still have their own offices after the Xinhai Revolution. We should also look at
The spiritual life of the laboring people is also influenced in different ways by the ideological patterns of the creative classes. It is necessary to eliminate
It is only by eliminating the old customs, old habits, old morals and old ways of life left behind by the old sites that we can finally eliminate from people's psyche the markers left behind by the old ideology.
to finally eliminate from people's psyche the specks left behind by the ideology of return. We must enable the masses of workers to lead a new cultural life, both at work and outside of it.
We must make the masses of workers live a new cultural life, both at work and outside of it, and be imbued with the Communist spirit at all times and in all places. Similarly, in the countryside, after the development of production and the improvement of life
Similarly, in the countryside, after the development of production and the improvement of life, the peasants and the masses will not be able to free their minds until there is a change in their social morals and the level of feminization is greatly raised.
We are aware that there are many situations in the countryside. We know that the situation in the countryside is very different from that in the countryside, and that the workers and peasants are helping you to create, avoid, or make progress in the countryside.

The role of the leadership and the interrelationship between the masses. The cultural level of the masses is rapidly rising, and they are able to better manage and monitor the work of the State and help the people.
The time of management and supervision of the work of the state and the work of the state, which forces those who like to choose the official position have to put down the notoriety of the people.
The Government is now in a position to treat the masses as equals. This is also a necessary condition for the development of productive forces.

In this connection, the second meeting of the Party's first congress put forward the tasks of the socialist revolution and the technological revolution at the same time as the Party's socialist agenda.
It is entirely correct, entirely necessary, and timely to put forward the tasks of the revolution of socialization and the technological revolution at the same time as a part of the Party's general road to socialist construction.
It is completely correct, completely necessary, and timely.

Issue 1.31.

The management of the earth's environment

| |
The mission of Feminization Revolution is a calendar scorpion mission that imitates dogs and stings each other. In order to accomplish this task, our society
In order to accomplish this task, our society must let go of the masses and carry out the line of "drumming up energy, waiting for the upstream, quicker, better and more economical", and refuse to pay less and less.
The way. Here we must pay special attention to three problems. The first problem is that, as Comrade Mao Tse-tung has always said, we must adhere to the principle and the spirit of creativity in the same way as the principle and the spirit of creativity.
The first is that, as Comrade Mao Zedong has always said, we should combine principle and creativity, and we should dare to think, to know and to do under the rule of insisting on the principle of lying down. The rationale
But Wangxin must be broken, and if we don't break it, we won't be able to adhere to the truth. We should
We should recognize that there are still a lot of superstitions inside and outside the Party, such as the beliefs of the ancients, the beliefs of the famous scholars of the proletariat, and the beliefs of the society as a whole.
What is left behind is the idea of regimentation, superstition, and the old-fashioned way of doing things, and so on. These beliefs are the things that bind us.
We have to crush them. For example, some people are really afraid of the intellectuals of the proletariat, and they are only interested in the show, not in criticizing and fighting, and so on.
They only criticize and criticize the intellectuals, but they still lack the revolutionary spirit to grasp the truth and to break down and establish. Some of the several editions of the Tan after spinach today, not to be
Selectively a large number of four editions of second-class and "spot four" internal organs of the old works. Of course, the past works of Haumea as a legacy to receive the
Of course, it is possible and desirable to accept many works of the past as heritage.
However, when they published these works, they did not criticize some of the wrong ideas and things, and sometimes even promoted them and helped them to spread bad influence among the masses8 .
On the other hand, for the many works of writing about new activities and new characters, not only did they not vigorously advocate them, but also excessively and inappropriately commented on them.
Instead of vigorously promoting them, they are excessively and inappropriately judgmental. This is leading people to look backward instead of forward. This is by no means a revolution in balletization, but a regression in regionalization.
It is a regression.

The first question is to rely firmly on the masses. Some people regard the cause of socialization as secretive, as if only the specialists are capable of doing it.

They seem to think that only experts can do it and that the masses are powerless. They do not see the great wisdom and power of the masses.

They do not understand that the revolution is a cause for the masses to liberate themselves. It is true that experts are needed in the war room, but, as Comrade Mao Tse-tung has said, "The world's creations and inventions are largely the work of the masses.
But as Comrade Mao Tse-tung has said, most of the creativity and inventions of the world have come from the oppressed classes, from those who have a lower social status, who are less educated, who are less privileged, who have always started out with the best of everything.
The most inventions are made by the oppressed classes, by those who are of lower social status, less educated, less qualified, and who are always looked down upon at the beginning, and who are beaten, tortured, and tortured. There are many experts
It was later on that they remembered that they had learned half of what they had learned. In order to carry out the revolution, it is not possible to do it only with the experts of the Party but not with the masses.

The third issue is that we must oppose the mentality of self-satisfaction and backwardness. New Yong and other new things like, just out of more
When the new Yong and other new things like, just out of more, always incomplete, always in the Bureau of things in the bucket of thousands of growth and development. Some people do not understand
Some people don't know this law, they always think that we can't do this or that, this is also young, that is also childish, they only have the eyes of the ancients and the foreigners.
In their eyes, there are only the ancients and the foreigners, and they are net self-centered, holding on to the past and not advancing, or only advancing to the group, not respecting the leap forward. This kind of backward attitude is obviously a copy of the homogenized revolution.
Obviously, this kind of backward attitude is not in line with the great task of the revolution.

The working people should be the masters of nature and the masters of culture.
They should also be the masters of culture. Comrade Mao Zemmerg told us long ago that with the economic construction, a climax of cultural construction would inevitably emerge.

Now the time has come. We must follow the instructions of the Party Central Committee and Mao Zedong Zhouzhi, break down superstitions, and oppose self-cultivation.

We must follow the instructions of the CPC Central Committee and Mao Zedong's Zhou Zhi, break down superstitions, oppose backwardness, further emancipate the minds of all our comrades, and, together with the masses of the working people, raise the momentum of the cultural revolution.
We will further emancipate our minds, work together with the masses of the working people, and accomplish the tasks of the Sixth Nationalization Plan.
"32, I958

| The New Folk Songs
New Folk Songs Blaze a New Trail of Celebration Songs

Zhou

"Nowadays, we sing with a jiaozhuang.
A thousand boats and thousands of spins are sold.
Don't think it's just words.
"They're all spoken words, but they'll turn the frogs into rice.

We need good singers to sing.
A good singer should be used for singing.
"Nowadays, everyone is a singer.
The Yangtze River flows backwards."

The above is a newly published "Great Leap Forward Folk Songs" from Anhui Province.
The first collection of the volume head bitter, it is a good folk song.
The people are confident and correct in their own songs.
confident and correct. With the socialist
With the advancement of socialism, many folk songs have been developed in different parts of the country.
There are thousands and thousands of folk songs in the country. There are thousands and thousands of folk songs. The liberated
The liberated people are making efforts to build socialism more, faster, better and cheaper. The liberated people have demonstrated in the great struggle to build socialism more, faster, better and more economical.
The revolutionary movement shown by the liberated people in the great struggle to build socialism more, faster, better and more economically is inevitably
must be expressed in the form of Yimo, in their verbal or feminine
They must be manifested in the form of the Yimo, in their verbal or creative work. It is impossible not to realize it. The folk songs of the Da Lu (å¤§è·¯)
The folk songs reflect the rising revolutionary spirit of the masses and their feelings of production.
and the sentiment of production, and the folk songs greatly encouraged this kind of energy and enthusiasm.
The folk songs also greatly boosted the vigor and enthusiasm of the masses, and promoted the development of pressurized production. New Folk Songs
The new folk songs became political agitations for the workers and peasants in the workshops or in the fields.
The new folk songs became political agitations for the workers and peasants in the workshops or in the fields, and they were weapons in the struggle for production and labor.
The new folk songs became a weapon for the workers and peasants in their workshops and fields, a weapon for the struggle against labor, and an art form for the working masses to create and enjoy themselves. Socialism
First Work Period

The socialist period of the work

The spirit of socialism is lost in these folk songs. This is a new kind of
liberalization of folk songs, it opens up the new development of folk songs and Yuan, at the same time, it opens up the new road of our country's rose songs.
and Yuan, and at the same time, Xu opened up a new path for the Chinese folk songs.

As we all know, Comrade Mao Zedong attaches great importance to folk songs.
Songs. More than thirty years ago, when he was running the Peasant Movement Lusi Institute, he made an effort to collect folk songs.
More than thirty years ago, when he was running the Lusi Institute for the Peasant Movement, he collected folk songs. "At the Yan'an
It was only after the "Shixin at the Yan'an Guangqiang Conference" that we began to pay attention to the collection and organization of folk songs.
We began to focus on collecting and organizing folk art, and we have made some progress in this area.
In this respect, we have already achieved some results, but the work is still very difficult.
The work is still very poor. Recently, thanks to the guidance of Comrade Mao Zedong
recently, thanks to the guidance of Comrade Mao Zedong, a vigorous campaign to collect folk songs has been launched in all parts of the Holy Land.
This is the first time in our social life and cultural life that we have been collecting folk songs. This is an important event in the social and cultural life of our country.
This is a great event in the social and cultural life of our country, a great and exciting event.

In ancient times we had a system of collecting songs. But at that time it was
was the enrollment of slaves. For the nation in the time of the Kenchukai.
The people at that time were under the oppression of the slave masters and feudal lords, and were forced to labor and create under their own convenience, living in great misery.
under the oppression of the slave masters and feudal lords, and lived a very miserable
life. Our folk songs today represent the new Kokoda of the Keikai era.
and it expresses the new life of the people under the creation of the
New ideas, new morals and new New ideas, new morals and new customs.
The working people have become the masters of the country.
and creations are valued by the state and the people. Therefore
the scale and significance of our work today is by no means comparable
comparable to any other time in the past.

Our country is a country where the folk art of women's studies is a great source of inspiration.

We are a nation of folkloric artists, and we are a nation of women's arts and craftsmen.

|It is recognized as a country rich in folk art, and now the creation of mass art is being done here.
Nowadays, the mass creation of art is developing here.
Now, the popular arts are developing here, everyone can sing, there are songs everywhere, and our country has become a country of the world.
Our country has become a country of kyoto. New folk songs
There are a lot of new folk songs with high ideological and artistic value.
They are of high artistic and artistic value. While encouraging new creations by the masses, we also collected new folk songs on a large scale and in a planned manner.
We also encourage the masses to create new songs and collect, organize and publish new folk songs of various places and nationalities on a large scale,
The collection and publication of new folk songs of various localities and nationalities is important for the further nationalization and massification of our present gynecology.
This will have a decisive impact on the further nationalization and massification of our present gynecology.
This will have a decisive influence on the further nationalization and massification of our present gynecology, and will open up a generation of Jiang fear, so that our poetry will change radically.
It will open up a generation of Jiang fear, and make a fundamental change in the appearance of our poetry.

"Sang Si? The new poems down the road shattered the poetic meter of the
Zinc money, realized the great expansion of the House style, produced a lot of
outstanding revolutionary masters, of which Guo Zaiyi was the most outstanding representative.
Guo Zhanyi was one of the most outstanding representatives. The new poem was a great success, and in order to reach out to the masses, revolutionary poems were made in a big way.
The revolutionary poets made a lot of efforts to get closer to the masses. However, Xinluo also
The most fundamental shortcoming was that he had not yet gotten along well with the working masses.
The most fundamental shortcoming was that it had not yet been well integrated with the working masses. The masses felt that many of the new semi
The masses feel that many of the new buildings have reflected their life, thoughts and feelings.
In these kyu, we feel that the laboring masses have not let us have the
sound and laughter, not to mention the expression of the laboring masses of the notge
The masses are dissatisfied. The masses are dissatisfied with the work of the people, especially those who are not satisfied with the work of the people, and are not satisfied with the work of the people.
They are especially dissatisfied with some of Pi's intentionally tricky and difficult to understand. It's a headache.
In any case, the masses are not satisfied with the deliberately designed, difficult-to-understand, headache-inducing sentences. Some
Some pregnant people are so obsessed with imitating the style of western
not to preserve the national heritage and develop new creations.
This became the main reason for the departure of the new garlic from the masses.

We can only learn from the masses, from the folk songs, especially the new folk songs.
especially the new folk songs, in order to open up a new horizon for our songs.
We can open up a new horizon for our songs.

Unlike the old folk songs, the new folk songs are no longer a reflection of the pain of life created by the laborers.
The new folk songs are no longer a reflection of the pain of the laborers' lives, nor are they a reflection of their lives.

"34 .

The new folk songs are no longer a reflection of the pain of the laborers' lives, nor are they a reflection of the self-sufficient lives, mentality, and condition of the straight producers.
The reflection of the

The most striking impression of the new folk songs was that the laboring people
have gained the status of masters in the life of the country, and have a sense of
feeling of pride. The masses of the working people have chosen to take the lead in the rank and file.
and were liberated politically and ideologically.
They seek to throw away all the old things that are weighing on their minds, and hold on to their heads.
They have started to play with all the forces of influence.
They are no longer obsessed with information or impulses, and they believe that they have the power to overcome any difficulties.
They do not want to be a slave to the forces of nature, but to be a slave to the forces of nature.
Instead of being slaves to the forces of nature, they will become masters of the natural world, and will give orders to nature.
Instead, they have become masters of the natural world and have given orders to the natural peasants. In many of the new folk songs, a
The working class and the mobilized people have shown their will to create the natural world and conquer the nature in a prominent way.
The people of the working class and the traveling people have the ambition to build up the world and conquer the nature. People with respect and
nostalgia, they remembered the great melting of Luoshui and the moving out of Ba Gong, and thought of
and think of the many heroes in history and history of the world. But
the confused singing koi did not bow down before the ancient heroes. "
The "all of them" is their hidden essence.

Please see their gas structure in the water treatment bucket committee.

"There is no Jade Emperor in heaven.

There is a Dragon King in the earth's blindness.

I am the Dragon King.

I order the three mountains and five ridges to open the way.

This "I" is not an ego, but a big one.
I am the collective name of the people.
That's why it has such irresistible power. In another poem
In another poem, which is so bold, this kind of power is precisely spelled out.
1958

| The
"The vigor is great.
The spirit is great, the spirit is great, the spirit is great.
"The ocean can be overcome.
The ocean can be overcome.
The mountain can be a home.
"The sky is the limit.
The earth is different from the socks of the members.
The Party's good leadership.
Collective strength is great
In other folk songs with water conservancy as an ancient material, there are many similar descriptions.
The first song describes a farmer throwing his head into the water. - The first one describes how the farmers threw their heads to the crystal
The first song describes how the farmer threw his head to the crystal, and the dragon king was so upset that he made a gesture.
"Into the water, laugh, I'll do it". Another song describes the water on the ground
There are more water reservoirs on the ground than stars in the sky, so that the God of Eyebrows came down to the village.
All of them have entered the road, and are surprised to see the big river coming from the province?"
--The song shows the way to the Yin.

"Sun sun sun I net you.
Are you going to compete with me?
We've been working for half a day.
You're late with your party.
We came back in the dark.
You went into the field early.
 David, the sun is on my back.
Do you know the sun is coming to show?
The new folk songs are full of such bold ideas, fire-like enthusiasm and light, fast winds.
The new folk songs are full of such bold ideas, fire-like enthusiasm and light, fast winds. The imaginative power of the writers
The writers were as free with their imaginations as they were with their wrists. They dreamed of a better life in the future.
He looks forward to a better future life for the king. He is based on his own experience of revolution and labor.
revolutionary and labor experience, he believes that the world can be
transformed. They are working with their own hands to create a better future for themselves and their families from the lake.
Issue 1

They are working with their own hands to transform the world. Their vision is to believe that they are right, to believe that they have the power, and to believe that they have the power to do it.
It is an expression of their belief in their own rightness, their own strength, and their ability to look at the enemy, the enemy and the difficulties.
They are an expression of their belief in their own strength and their ability to look down on their enemies, their enemies, and their difficulties. They dared to
to think, and they are able to use their own hands to turn their illusions into realities.
reality with their own hands. This is the combination of revolutionary realism and revolution
revolutionary realism and revolutionary bourgeoisism in the folk songs.

Comrade Zedong said that our women's studies should be characterized by revolutionary realism and revolutionary bourgeoisism.
The combination of revolutionary realism and revolutionary bobbism.
This is a scientific generalization of the historical spasm of women's studies.
It is a very correct proposition, based on the characteristics of the present era and the return
A very correct proposition, should become our public body
Literary and Artistic Workers should be the direction of our common struggle. Mao Zedong Shanzhi
I have made many words, to provide us with the best
model. We are in the midst of a great revolutionary
era, the material and spiritual productive forces of the working people have gained unprecedented emancipation and
the material and spiritual productive forces of the laboring people have been liberated as never before, and the spirit of
The people are in the midst of a great revolution. The people, in their struggle for life and construction
the struggle for life and construction, they put together their practical and lofty ideals
The people's struggle for life and construction is a combination of practicing and visionary ideals. Without a high degree of revolutionary romanticism
Without a high degree of revolutionary romanticism, it is not enough to express our age, our people, and
our people, our working-class communism. In the past, believers
often regarded realism and romanticism as two mutually exclusive lends.
We see them as opposites, but we see them as two sides of the same coin.
but we see them as two and the same. Without romanticism, the realist
Without Romanticism, the realist will easily degenerate into a superficial naturalism.
Naturalism is a vulgarization of realism, and it is not what we want.
It's not what we want. Of course, romanticism is not compatible with realism.
Of course, if romanticism is not in harmony with realism, it will easily turn into a bluff, a straw man's cry, or a know-it-all.
or intellectual intellectualizing, which we don't need.
This is what we do not need. The way we name syncretistic realism
The method of the doctrine of realism is based on such an understanding as

se 35.

|It is based on this understanding that the Chinese style is recognized by the Chinese government as the basis for the reform of the countryside.
The foundation. Gorky has a good solution to this problem.
Gorky had a good understanding of the subject. In the history of literature, the revolutionary revolution is the flame of art.
It is the flame of art. The greatest of our country's Guiyan was a Romantic old man.
was one of the greatest Romantics of all time.
The greatest of all the Guiyans in the history of our country was a Romantic old man, and the later ones, such as Li Xiaoyu, were particularly outstanding in this respect.

Each, both of them in the creation and folk women's studies blood

Both of them had a flesh-and-blood relationship with folk women's studies in their creative work. In the first two or six years of his career, Liu used the phrase
"The former is strange without losing its own, the three splendors are not actually flowers".
Liu Ming used two lines like this to explore the slackness of the original song, which can be summarized as the most important of our literature on fantasy and reality.
This is the earliest and most original idea of our country about the convergence of fantasy and reality in literature.
It can be the earliest and most original idea of our country on the convergence of fantasy and reality in literature. We should learn realism and realism from our
We should learn from our country's art tradition the richness of realism and realism.
We should learn from the richness of realism and revolutionism in our art and literature, and build on the foundation of the new communist ideology.
The new folk songs express this characteristic. The new folk songs express this
The new folk songs show this characteristic, so they are especially worthy of our treasures.

The four or two principles of agricultural development in the People's Republic of China, the Party's line of
The Party's policy and Comrade Mao Bleu Tung's ideas are the great force behind the transformation of the people's creativity.
It is the great force behind the people's creative endeavors. The forty articles are the hope of the peasants, but they are reflected in the people's aspirations.
But what is embodied in the people's aspirations is not a total policy.
but the real silicon movement of the masses.
It is the art of the masses. Listen to the following folk song

"In the village, in the well, on the ground.
The old man can't stop laughing.

Agricultural development is a madness with four certificates.
It's better than the 40-mile sun shining overhead.

The sun is also warmer than in the BaShangHangHouse.
The sun shines everywhere.

So I've got a place to stay.

Is that Chairman Mao's voice?

Put a sticker on the road.
It's a good message for both of us.

When you laugh out loud
We have a bright light to show us the way.

This is a beautiful and touching story. One
You let the old man who died as a martyr, with a smile on his face, holding in his hand
Forty strips of rice and a stove in his hand, and he would put it in his ear and hold it against his chest.
And then he would hold it against his chest, and in such a short sentence.
In such a short sentence, it conveyed the working people's deep affection for the Party and for Comrade Mao Zedong.
Comrade Mao Zedong. Forty Moves for Five Billion Peasants
The vigor of the 500 million peasants has been boosted.

The workers were also energized. Their slogan is "Compare with the speed of rockets.
They put the symbol of the advanced production index on the
They have turned the frozen North into a rocket that carries spells and dries up to the sky, and the workers are singing in a clear voice.
Rocket, the workers sang: "The fire between the maple a little bit to come
The car was built, the car asked for a double break to fight the sanitary ware."

The workers of the steel factory described the flow of iron water in this way.
The workers of the steel factory described the flow of iron in this way.

"The landscape is as red as fire.
The sun is in front of them.
The light rushes up to the sky.
The best sun never sets."

Labor became the dominant theme of Xinminjing.
Poetry was laborized, and paean dynamics were keyed up. In the past.
In the past, as in the past, the Neo-Minbari, the Neo-Georgian had been so fat and so beautiful that it was not possible for the Neo-Minbari to be a laborer.
What is the matter? Now it has been transformed into a poem, full of fish
It's full of love. Look at this song, "Little Ship".

"A small boat is coming from the river.
"The little spot show comes to the river, and scares a large pot of water.
1958

| The year of 1958
The river is full of stars
The smoke will come out.

The little and the big, the sweet, the sweet.
I'll be there in a minute. You'll always be singing a steady song.

"Willow Clouds.

"The Peach Blossom Hill."

Love songs have also gained a new color because of their association with labor.
"Love is as fast as flying.
"Brother Love picks mud as fast as flying.
"My husband is chasing after him.
"Even if I fly into the white clouds.
I'll try my best to catch up with you."

The new folk song shows the new interrelationships between people in the labor process.
The new folk song expresses the new relationship between people in the labor process. Mutual acceptance, mutual assistance, mutual comparison.
They are more advanced than each other, and they rely on Haumea.
These are the basic features of people's new relationship, and the common moral basis of this relationship is
The common moral basis of these relationships is the spirit of socialist collectivism.
The spirit of socialist collectivism.
...Cadres can get thin.
We can go up.
Cadres can go down.
We can climb dragons.
Cadres can climb mountains.
We can climb the sea. *

These verses not only express the people's
They also express the correct relationship between the cadres and the masses.

The working masses use songs to express good deeds and poems to criticize bad deeds.
They also used poetry to criticize the bad sword specialists. There were many good criticisms in the big-character posters.
They criticized the bureaucrats, the conservatives, and the masses.
The first phase of the project was to be completed.

and so on. The working people are not
clear, chi-teng enthusiastically. There is no ambiguity in the estimation.

"In the Feng Feng Rectification Movement and the Anti-Rightist Struggle, and especially in the
the mass poetry that emerged from the Great Leap Forward, reflecting our country's socialist revolution and
The mass poetic creations reflecting the revolutionary and
The poetry of the masses, reflecting the revolutionary and socialist construction of our country, and reflecting the growth of the working people's frustration with proletarianism.
and the process of growth of the working people's frustration with proletarianism. These folk songs are, of course, the first thing we should emphasize.
of course, should be the first to be heavily taxed. But we
must not forget that the victory of the Chinese people was won after a long and bloody struggle.
The victory of the Chinese people was won through a long and bloody struggle. During the various periods of revolutionary history
Not only the first and first domestic revolutionary wars, but also the Sino-Japanese War and the Liberation War.
The Sino-Japanese War, the War of Resistance against Japan and the War of Liberation, the War of the Taiping Rebellion, the War of the Liberation of China, the War of the People's Republic of China and the War of the Liberation of China.
There were also the times of the Taiping Heavenly Kingdom and the Boxer Rebellion.

There are heroes' biographies and folk songs circulating among the people.
We should collect and organize them. This is the same as collecting
This is as necessary as the collection of local revolutionary historical materials, and the relationship between the two is
The relationship between the two is very close. In the anthology of folk songs published by the Hubei Province
collected some of the folk songs of the E-Tao-Wan Revolutionary Base Area era, and some of the folk songs of the Jijiao
and some folk songs of the Anti-Japanese Allied Army era were included in the folk songs of Jijiao.
The folk songs of the Anti-Japanese Allied Forces are also included in the folk songs of Jijiao, which is meaningful. It is meaningful that the estimators have written history with their own blood and used their own
They wrote history with their own blood and sang it with their own voices.

"The stone can block the Qijiang River.
but can't stop the mouths of the singers.
The water of Honghu Lake can be leveled
The water of Honghu Lake can be leveled.
If you want to sing, you have to sing.
I'm not happy until I sing.
Singing is the only way to get rid of hatred.

"The sun moves heaven and earth."

This is the former revolutionary base of EJY.
sa375

| | | | | | | | |
This one and the one I quoted at the beginning of this article show two different times and two different scenes.
This song and the one I have quoted from the beginning show two different times and two different scenes, but the people's firm belief in the revolution and their revolutionary spirit are as strong as iron.
But the people's ironclad faith in the revolution, their revolutionary optimism, can't they make the world's most unremitting groups of people believe in the revolution?
and their revolutionary optimism, can't they make the world's most
the world's most desperate people to declare their loyalty to the revolution?

Let me quote another song from the 1927 Shanghai Workers' Uprising.
A song of the times, and it's just as inspiring.

"Fear not the sky, fear not the earth.
I am not afraid of the earth.
I don't care if I'm bloodied underneath.
I'm not afraid to die.
I'm not afraid to die. I'm not afraid of anything.
I've killed too many people.
There is only a big scar on the brain.
Tiger's curse.
I'm going to do my best.
The stone will turn over.
The seeds of revolution have been sprouting for years.
The seeds of revolution have been planted for years.
As a weapon.
Until we win.
I will not put it down."

China is not only a country with a rich revolutionary heritage, but also a country with a long history of splendid womanization.
China is not only a country with a rich revolutionary heritage, but also a country with a long history of splendid cultural heritage.
China is not only a country with a rich revolutionary heritage, but also a country with a long history of splendid cultural heritage, the essence of which is still very much alive among the people.
Much of the essence of this cultural heritage remains among the people. For this reason, in addition to vigorously collecting
Therefore, in addition to collecting folk songs, we must also collect and organize the folk songs and folk songs handed down from the four eras in a systematic manner.
We must also collect and organize the folk songs, folk art and folk plays that have been handed down from the Four Ages.
folk theater. This is a very important task for us to establish a new socialist culture.
This is a very important task for us to establish a new socialist culture. The folk songs of various ethnic minorities are
The treasures of literature and art of the ethnic minorities are particularly rich and should be accumulated and utilized.

38.

Polarized people's internal organs close to the data and collation. The long narrative strip "Netsuke
Day?" "The Song of the Aeon" and other works have entered the world's
The world's largest library of women's work.   Plus

The collection of folk songs and other folk art is a task that must be carried out by the Party and the pseudo-men.
This is a task that must be carried out by the Party and the Fake People.
It is necessary to mobilize and attract all literary and art workers to participate in this work.
This is a task that must be carried out by the Party and the False People. Folk songs are the source of women's studies.
It flows quietly and endlessly like a deep spring.
It has given new life to the songs of all ages, and has nurtured outstanding poets through the ages.
It has given new life to the songs of all ages and nurtured outstanding poets of all times. The folk music of the day is the work of new peasants, workers, and soldiers,
The works of peasants, laborers, and soldiers, which have been incomplete, are the works of the poets of all times.
Some of the authors were very creative, so the new folk songs were not only in terms of content but also in terms of the quality of the songs.
Therefore, the new folk songs were not only different from the traditional folk songs in terms of content but also in terms of genre.
Therefore, the new folk songs were different from the traditional folk songs not only in content but also in character.
At the same time, the new folk songs have taken more of the good qualities of our classical poetry.
They are just like the Yellow River. They are just like the Yellow River and the Yangtze River.
Like the Yellow River and the Yangtze River, they are surging and rushing to Xinxinwei, and will surely make Xinxinwei a great success.
They are like the Yellow River and the Yangtze River, with their surging and washing power, they are playing the role of a poem to Xinmian, and will definitely change the face of Xinwei for the better. The masses
Songs will be developed and flourish day by day, and the folk singers and kyus will be celebrated.
singers and kyus, will continue to appear, and the outstanding ones among them will become our
The best of them will become the center of our poetry. Folk
The line between folk singers and kyogenists will gradually be blurred.
The line between folk singers and troublemakers will gradually be blurred. Then, everyone will be a poet, and everyone will be able to enjoy their poems.
Everyone will be able to enjoy it. Such a time will come soon. We, the Keijin of
We must go deep into the masses of workers and peasants, labor and create together with them.
We must go deep into the masses, work with them, create with them, learn from folk songs, and learn from the best of traditional Chinese music.
Only in this way will our new poems have a real and wide
Only in this way will our new poetry have a real future. Only in this way will our new poetry have a truly great future.
We need a great renewal and emancipation of our women's art, and under the leadership of the Party and Comrade Mao Zedong, we will be able to achieve this.

The Party and Comrade Mao Zedong are now in the midst of a great renewal and emancipation.

1958.

| The year of 1958.
The masses are the force behind it.
  Wang Renzhong

In order to carry out the construction of unionism, it is necessary to mobilize the masses, and to conduct a large-scale mass movement with a lot of sound and color.
What I am trying to show in this article is that the mass movement in Hubei Province has led to the agricultural production movement on a large scale.
The following is an example of a mass movement for agricultural production in Hubei province.            "
After the advent of agricultural cooperativization, Hubei Province has made great achievements in agricultural production. Since last winter, on the basis of the civic un
climax, a new high zai of great leap forward in agricultural production has been measured. The masses of Hongmin people responded warmly with practical actions to the
The Party Central Committee and Comrade Mao Bleu Tung's great guidance of drumming up energy, striving to make progress, and building socialism more quickly and with better economy.
Their socialist enthusiasm was unprecedentedly high, and they were heroic in the production of goods in a way that no one had ever been before.
With their unprecedented heroism in the field of production, they created the miracle of "one day is more than twenty years".

The objective situation calls for us to further improve our methods of guidance, so that we will not be able to make a deal with them, but will be able to make a deal with them in the future.

Instead, we should be able to stand in front of the masses and push the movement forward.

Mao Zedong, in his 1913 speech on "Some Questions on the Methods of Guidance", urged us to strive to learn the scientific methods of guidance.
We should endeavor to learn the scientific methods of guidance of Marxism and to overcome the subjective and bureaucratic methods of guidance. Comrade Mao Zedong has deeply emphasized the importance of
Comrade Mao Zedong has clearly understood the two basic methods of integrating the general and the individual, and of integrating the valuation guide and the masses, and has reiterated. "In all the practical work of the Party, wherever the right thing is done, the right thing is done, the right thing is done.
"In all practical work of the Party, all proper guidance must come from the masses and go to the masses." (And "The Selected Works of Zedong? The Third Pavilion).
According to our practical experience in the past two years, I have come to realize deeply that we must learn quietly the method of guidance pointed out by Mao Zedong, and put it into practice.
I have come to realize that it is necessary to learn the methods of guidance pointed out by Mao Zedong and to apply them properly to the work of the Party in order to bring the agricultural production movement into good harmony with guidance.

In our agricultural production campaign in Hubei Province, we have mainly adopted the following methods: Lead cadres take the lead in the work, especially in the field-testing campaigns.
In particular, we take the lead to test the fields, set up a distinctive family sail through on-site meetings, lead the way with points, lead the backward with the advanced, and start a great socialist competition to mobilize the big bribery movement.
The socialist contest, mobilize the big bribery, big release, big debate, write big Yu newspaper, regular inspection and envy, according to the production season memory, grasp the good production in all aspects.
Grasp good production in each link, as far as possible to protect early to do the next - step of the banana preparation work, and ruthlessly grasp the production of this center work, bring the village work at the same time.
We are practicing "from the masses, to the masses" through these specific methods, bringing the work of the villages forward at the same time.
It is through these concrete methods that we implement the original formula of "from the masses, to the masses", "general and individual combined", and "town leaders and the masses combined".

(a) The first step in the way of the masses is for the Ministry to take the lead.

In most of our counties, districts, towns and villages, the poor guide departments, which have been liberated from a series of steep grades, have been dissected and formed a large and small group in the local community.
In the local area, they have formed a large and small group of people. His exemplary actions have been a great impetus to the progress of the masses.
At the same time, the supervision and criticism of the masses, for their progress, also has a great role in promoting.

Whether to take action and lead the masses or to stand on their heads and criticize them is a question of whether to do it personally or to stand on the heads of the masses.

The first issue is e39.

| The first is that the people of the country are the ones who have to pay the price of the goods and services.
The Makati County Li Sheng less long belongs to the Xuexi for these two methods have had first-hand experience. The year 19 nearly days of the implementation of the past to raise obscurantist education
Samuel Xi, and the red star six into and Haumea Committee is unable to figure out, the days of learning to comment: "do not Road also have to pass, limited to ten days to complete the task!1 "He days to the
He ran around checking to do the nutritional freshness of the store shape. And members of the community this he came, do, saw him go, and Joe do not do. Koko made the nutrition bowl look like a "nutritious bowl".
Taro fruit to do the nutrition bowl like "stone eggs", Tuolu spent a lot of labor, seeds and fertilizer, makeup can not grow rice. The public criticized him and the deputy chief.
Criticized him and the deputy chief: "Several township chiefs, Xu years long, a short to a long, pull up the same, day and night full of Xiaoxiao
The first time I saw him, I was criticizing him and his deputy.
At that time, he went to every community, the community members of every community were like this: "How did you get the village chief to come to our community?
The blue is the number of movement! "There are studies pregnant hear, heart is very sad, good intentions to do things for everyone, but ended up with a still, Gong is "Dai
Reef white play only son, black gold is not good-looking sex in only commissioned under the influence of the name Zhao Jinliang, belonging to the study of the shield began to change, but the audience for his view of the steam.
The public's view of him had not yet changed. In 1957, he went to the Red Star to help with the work, and Pangong looked at him and put his head to the side.
He looked at him and put his head aside. He was discouraged and determined to take concrete action to change the community's perception of him. At that time, the weather was flashing.
When the weather was hot, he went into the water to pick up some mud, and when the water tanker was running, people did not realize that he was going into the mud, but he put his socks on his wrist and jumped to the bottom of the water tank.
The members of the community was surprised to see him work very vigorously, so, more than forty members of the community jumped into the mud to do it. To the end of the work
At the end of the day, the attitude of the members towards Quan changed completely, this one joined him for dinner, that one invited him to drink water. Since then, he has been leading the way.
Since then, his leadership has not only changed the members' attitude towards him, but also the cooperation of all the members is waiting for him to go to the village. Half of them are from one community.
The old man is our man of the hour, the village returns to me, and I will have a great leap forward in production! "Hongdan Third Community
Europeans pulled him back: "I've been treated so well by my parents, I can't afford to rest. A year after the incident, Xingfa two sets, is the pressure of the
The year after the incident, the two sets of Xingfa, whether it is closed to the good, or with two good, a few school children have been the Ministry in the middle of doing to get a number of vice. The supervision and criticism of the masses, for
Phoenix Xuegui's progress, played a driving role.
Many cadres have the same experience as Xuegui. After the rectification, the leadership has become a must among all the cadres of the Beacon Guides.
It has become a must among all the cadres. Many peasants said that our good cadres were "good disciples brought up by Mr. Mao". The relationship between the Ministry and the masses became closer.
The relationship between the cadres and the masses has become even closer. Cadres and the masses pushed each other, energized each other, and a culture of striving for excellence naturally took shape.
(a) One of the best and most common ways for the guiding cadres to take the lead is to engage in inert driving.
Since and the provincial party committee general sticking to the Thi An county shi guiding cadres to pick two test gongs of the multi-stage put, especially since the central government issued a report about the
After the central government issued a circular on the subject of all kinds of superior cadres to engage in experimental work, the cadres engaged in rural work in the province have been trying out the cellular defense. Cadres of the relevant
Cadres of the village work departments also planted test plots, and planting test plots became the center of the thoughts and actions of many Yu Ministries. Out
Outside the meeting, thinking about the trial ma male, after the meeting back to the request, first go to see the test field, a taro up to the request, to the martial arts test field
Running, set the night up grams of rain, but also mold Ji test bed field with a flashlight brief illumination. Some comrades simply became fans of the test field.
The quality of the cadres, technicians and farmers, the three together, is the main form of seed test and Yang. The advantage of this "triple bonding" is that it makes these three people take advantage of each other.
The advantage of this "three bonding" is that these three people complement each other's strengths and weaknesses, feel each other's bottom line, and sympathize with each other.
The three of them are better than each other. For the cadres of the organization, it is very beneficial to try each one of them. If you know the answer to the question, you will know all about the Kuhuai.
After planting one more test skin, the two guides will have to deal with technicians and farmers in every production process.
He will not only know what to plant in his field, but will also know how to plant in the field. pyE6S5AhR
40.                                                          In 1958

| The
people, he can understand what kind of ideas the technicians and farmers have in each part of the nonproduction process and how to deal with these ideas.
The first secretary of Cheng Peng's Wuha field. When Cheng Peng, the first secretary of the Culan County Party Committee, was sowing wheat in his Wuha field, Cheng advocated strip sowing, but Hongmin Laotai advocated spot sowing.
The technicians advocated "resolute strip sowing" regardless of whether the old Luok passes or not. The sticky fruits of Kotian, in the three fields of the Zhi test, did two things.
The two of them are in the same field. Cheng Gum did strip sowing, and Lao Qin did spot sowing. The same deep plowing, fertilization, the same
The same deep plowing, fertilizer, the same seed, strip seeding of the seedling dense, point sowing of wheat seedlings sparse, and now the old vegetarian convinced to lose. After the strip seeding dense planting and point sowing planting of the pair
This is the stage, all the people who advocate spot seeding are convinced. This kind of nine honors to sing the opposite drama of the method, is the Yue II antithesis of the method, is Shan do not serve, wait for the
method, is the method of waiting for Shan not to serve, this is a kind of two guide art.

The ten kinds of guided test outside the theater of the genus gas, quickly developed into a new into the meeting of the ten gas. Nowadays, the masses also exist to engage in altar road
Now, the masses are also engaged in altar road qu, not only the small present total plus field, but also have a large area of abundant production on Taipo, which is a new change of the test of Yuntian.
This is a new development of the trial field. This new development has created a very promising situation for the balanced production of agriculture and for the technological innovation of the masses.

This new development created extremely favorable conditions for the movement of balanced production and technological innovation in agricultural production. For example, of the more than three million people in the Huangyue area, more than 600,000 farmers have planted the filtered rice fields. Kuangshui County was founded by

Lv Yuanming's test field created a new record of rice yield of 1,600 kilograms, which attracted many peasants to
Engage in wu test field. An old farmer, who called himself "Mr. Jin", in Tianmen, a small wind-attacking village in Tianmen County, had his fields mixed with rice. He was a farmer, who had been mixing the rice with the rice, and had made a test field, which was called "Weipi".
Into the hall test field, the name of the bureau "the world a little field". See, this old man is how the air! "Lint and cotton two halls *, there is a vapor
Possibly? The type in the absence of evidence of the knot of koi. The problem is not in the pound of lint cotton, but in an old man, also so
The to start, to his, to do, the hall is sex empty words but in the base work, practical work. This kind of communist spirit of the old man.
This kind of communist spirit is very valuable. This old man's spirit of communism was manifested in a situation where the communist spirit of the masses was growing.
The old man's spirit of communism was manifested in a situation in which the communist spirit of the masses was growing stronger and stronger.

The growth and development of the experimental fields in the whole country and in the provinces is still unbalanced. There are some people who still flash jokes there. A regimental secretary in Jingzhan County.

Peasants are down on the two main and three experimental fields.  Some other cadres have been dividing the year between the donkey fields and the poems. We've got to get the equipment, the fertilizer and the seeds.
fertilizers and seeds. Some of the fields had high yield targets, but the measures to increase production were disproportionate, and some of the fields were poorly planted.

Farmers called them "Chau Hou Tin", "Wu Han Tin", "Promoting Retreat Tin*. Until now, there are still some people who are still in the process of "planting training and experimental fields and ideological work".
Some people said, "The seed training and the ideological work don't go well together." There were people who thought, "Planting a field is a kind of extra-municipal burden." Obviously, these people had not yet been able to realize that the Kaishinto had been a part of the Party.

It is clear that these people have not yet realized the essence of the Central Committee's instructions on the planting of rice fields. For this group of people, it is necessary to carry out more ideological battles, and at the same time, it is also necessary to

At the same time, they should also be given concrete help by the villages.                                     -They must be given specific help in their villages.
It is essential to turn the planting of rice fields into a system to be observed by every rural cadre, and all cadres should follow this system.
Each cadre should follow the path of integration of guidance and the masses, political parties and technology, and specialization in bamboo. Recently, the province has conducted an agricultural ugly production program.

This is a great promotion for the cultivation of agricultural land. Now, the Party in many places has taken measures to strengthen the trial-planting program.

Chatian work measures. For example, in the Yellow Hernia area, the Party has adopted a card system for the test fields, which is carried out by sub-committees, and the second part of the test fields is covered by labor and production, with the help of leading cadres, technicians and farmers.
In the area of Huangxia, for example, a system of cards for field-testing was adopted in which the sub-committee was responsible for the field-testing, and the second part of the field-testing was organized on a labor- and production-contracting basis.
The purpose of the system was to consolidate and expand the achievements of the donkey fields, including the introduction of standardized technical measures and regular inspections and evaluations.

Tenth issue, 2

| The aim is to consolidate and expand the achievements of the donkey fields.
In order to popularize the advanced departments, it is necessary to convene the opening ceremony, and only then to compare and contrast the results of the four phases, in order to bring the whole area to the advanced departments.
In order to promote the advanced ministries, it is necessary to hold an opening ceremony, and then generalize the situation.

Grab a letter test bench four among an advanced by type, or Laos choose - an advanced township, the first to enter, the advanced team, the child and the
Visiting the evaluation and flap theory, should be the center of the site will be the state of the topic. In such a scene will cane on more crazy stand total gray advanced name.
and Yu, to hold up high the advanced family by, the more distinct the family fear; the more fully able to play the role of the advanced to lead after the
The more distinctive the family fear is, the more fully it can play the role of the advanced to lead the latter, and the easier it is to make the focus of the Kemah into the general Shaw's economy. This seems to be 46 less than one set". However, there are many
However, there are many places that still do this. In these places, there are focuses, there are ethnic groups, there are groups that have advanced by type; there are groups that have advanced by type.
However, they treat the advanced model as a shower, which is only appreciated by a few people in the yarn, and they keep it at home, but do not hold it high.
And they don't hold it up high. When they see it raised elsewhere, they think to themselves: "We have this flag too!
We also have a flag ......". What's the use of having a flag that's just for the family, but not for the home?" Just to have an advanced model, but not to promote an advanced test bed, is not a good idea.
What's the point of having a typical model if you don't promote it? In 1957, the story of Macheng County and Xinji and each other's points of comparison.
The story of the comparison between Macheng County and Xinjian in 1957 illustrates this point. The yield of cotton per unit area in Xinzhou is higher than that of Yecheng County. The two provinces are famous
The cotton production townships of Liu Ji Township and Dafu District are the key townships of Xinzhou County. Ma Yan County is determined to catch up with Xinzhou County, many times.
The county's cadres and into only, to the Liu set township and Dadu township to learn to slaughter cotton main production of the best experience. Master Hong
The set of township and the big filter a few of the crazy test, and in to the county-wide general popularization of this advanced test. |_- In the year 157, these two
The branded fruits of the competition of the two counties, Massachusetts City has become the Pi Bureau of hundred halls have only, exceeding the Xinzhou County. The new Pei County than in Zhan, the original State
Feng put Liuji Township and Dadu Township of the clan want to raise high to seek, Hu has the hail of these two townships or become the Jie County of the inflammatory test. -Anxious
In the year of May 1967, Xin Xiezhu accepted the offer. In 1957, they were in the midst of catching up with the city of Massachusetts. The seat of the Office of Yawara?
We won't know until after the fall.

(mg) Not only are the county and Xinzhou base comparing with each other, catching up with each other, and learning from each other, but also the two districts and prefectures of Haozhu.


Under the general policy and line of building socialism more quickly and economically, the socialist party in the two provinces has been working hard and striving to build socialism more quickly and economically.
The socialist party race in the province had already formed into a large-scale mass movement. At a meeting of branch secretaries held by the Xiangyang local committee.
At the meeting of branch secretaries held by the Xiangyang local committee, the secretary of Talking Yin County Committee, Mr. Zheng Yin's speech contained the words "Gai Suixian", which were found by Mr. Wei Ji of Suixian County Committee. Suixian County Committee
The next and fill in the home then organs "dedicated county Qin attack and station, the people of Zhonghe County Zhuzhu into, time is not in the performance?" With and

A radio conference was held with 100,000 people listening, and after the conference, 500,000 people signed a petition, resolving to make a hundred different efforts to ensure that
We're going to make a big effort to make sure that all the people in the county will be able to get out of the country, and all the people in the county will be able to get out of the country.
Watching a movie. Before the movie was shown, the township cadres in Suixian County shouted to the audience, "Now we are talking about us, call them or not.
What's wrong with them?" The Suixian people answered in unison, "No." The people of Nangyang stood up and shouted: "No! "The two sides exchanged
The two sides got angry with each other, and the people from Sanyang watched the movie, and then went back to the hospital for the night. People in such a day scale
In such a large-scale campaign of unionist party, the people have shown a powerful genus. Fathers and sons, husbands and wives, brothers. Sisters, mothers-in-law,
mothers and daughters, aunts and daughters-in-law, and women and girls, have also conducted contests. Haumea:+ toward the backward, too, were driven up.

ww up.                                                                                                                958

| |

(none) In the contest of membership, people created rich and colorful ways to carry out the fight between the first and the second.
The most important ways were the Great Debate, the Great Tasting, and the Great Inspection.

It is a great way to make a big newspaper, to make a vivid and vivid order to live in the water, and to make the words that have been used in the words by the people and the letter.
It is a new form of unionist democracy that has been utilized in some people's words.

The topic of "debate" is very focused and specific; the participants in the debate are very broad and the form of debate is very flexible.
The form of the defense is very flexible; the field and the ground, the dry medical walk, the bedside stove, inside and outside the meeting, all can be identified; father and son,
Husband and wife, offense and woman, Bo nuisance ...... or not, all can become the right bamboo to pretend to answer. Many of the ten yes petal koi, due to personal deep
The cut head sword, into a touch that is rose. After a question and discussion, right and wrong are clear. In such a case, the work is good to do.
Backward conservative thinking is relatively easy to overcome, on the advanced hydrocarbon pass good promotion.

One of the more notable forms of class healing is the Daewoo Newspaper. It started last winter, and only in the spring of this year it has been
The village of the disaster has arisen to seek. Kaiye, cadres are very tiki university newspaper, now Haumea more cadres are not afraid of, they party to the sweetness of the large-print newspaper people
The The big-character newspaper is often in the work of the most critical time, the cone will guide on the help of a big sex; often in the cadres of the numbness and complacency, fast and more swing with the read on time.
It is often a blow to the head when the cadres are complacent and quick to follow. For those cadres who usually do not accept the public's opinions, once they have the opportunity, they will be centrally posted on the website.
They will focus on posting big-character posters, which are very effective and quick in harvesting. "


One of the big newspaper brush: "Li Zhiguo, do not work, the night meeting always send their own, stacked up - an end of the double one to, the next
The test sitting night is still in the house. Some members of the temple to play Hal, some members of the community to mention, he descended from the reunification of the meeting did not go on the history, he is still there
He is still there, knocking down. ......? In a short period of time, the words paint a picture of "official Daiism". The words were a picture of the face of "official Daiism". Another large-print newspaper spun: "Called Xiaoyun.
He's sovereign, he's got a face, his eyes are rolled back, he's a good man. Look at his diarrhea, and the elephant in the room, a ditch a ditch a ditch.
He is the only one who has ever made a mess of the field, and he is the only one who has ever made a mess of the seedling. ......? A short sentence, live painting an image of the impersonation of insiders.
According to the pleasant, only after the criticism of the next day, there will be a change in the work.

A big-character poster like this is not necessarily posted only when a rectification campaign is launched. Whenever you want to post it, you can do so.
No matter whether it's praise, criticism, or a visit to ......, it can all go on the Daewoo Newspaper.

As long as it is on the big word newspaper things, there must be closed fall, because, big word newspaper once posted, will become the resident of the meeting of the
Something. Under the strict supervision of the masses, it is not allowed that any one thing has not if fall. Recently, in the spring plowing
production, there has been a new development. This is what the peasants call the "Husband and Wife Tianchi Newspaper" and the "Foot and Sister Large Character Newspaper":.......
Husband and wife, brother and sister, father and son of the out, and well not for family matters and Zhu Hua, but for national affairs, for the director of the study of flowers, chi koi get not
Can be opened when the head out of large letters. Jiangmu County, measured the northern township pioneer cooperative women's director frog Dezhou, and his brother production
The director of the pioneer cooperative of Jiangmu County, measured north of the township women's director frog Dezhou, and his brother's production to be head of the time Dehai, in order to car water irrigation field things long had a quarrel. Sister Li brother "official air too heavy", brother such as spin sister
Sister Li brother "official air is too heavy", brother such as spin sister sister "Ding Qi quite a lot". Sister insisted on their own sound is, autumn brother does not turn. Sister Lu "I page to post your large print.?" I'm going to post you.
Asia does not care to set: "You posted to? In his opinion,, firstly, the sister could not do so, secondly, no one helped her to write. Sister.
Sister I folk school teacher to write large print, the teacher advised her: "can there be a sister posted as brother's large print reason? Good strong:* teacher, you
Still feudal 1 "Teacher withered her with the flow has a way, * well, you report I write." The teacher's meaning of this "you report and I write* is
Issue 1 Village

| | | | | | |
The teacher's meaning of this "you report I write*" is "to put her army", its negative she reported not gills to come. Lift Dezhou angry to the end of the name: "Well, I wide you write: 'captain this outside when, good big!
The official air ......" The teacher did not have too much, when the two sentences. She said, "I'll report it, you write it." The teacher had no choice but to write. The teacher had to write.
After writing it, Frog Dezhou picked it up and walked away, and when he saw Godou, he huffed and puffed and put the large-character poster in a discreet manner, "You owe me to take it and put it up, and you have to put it up at the intersection of your house and on your door.
Home - on 1" Nao Dehai did not live, had to post. The more he thought about the more ah angry, he also wrote a posting, the end of the ten "everyone is m comment on reason?
family all meters to assess the reasoning? The new. This request, the adulterous many Zhu members have posted a booklet of "Fresh Reason? The newspaper, unanimously criticized the main star Tak-hoi, supporting the
They were unanimous in criticizing Starfish and supporting the study of Germany. Frog Dehai epidemic have to live, and finally posted a large-character poster, admitting that his "crop gas is very heavy", said "resolutely accept".
So the siblings made up well.

Like the posters of the fathers and sons of the families, the relationship between the people of Maroho began to evolve from a family relationship to a new relationship of complementarianism.
to a new kind of socialist relationship. The common purpose of people is to be advanced, to catch up with the advanced, to learn from the advanced.
In a word, for the sake of progress. For this reason, we have made the large-print newspaper into a promotion newspaper.

In the midst of the fire inspection, there are more such promotion papers. The big inspection is the big promotion. And the provincial party committee decided to use the provincial party committee
The provincial party committee decided to use the provincial party committee to carry out a big inspection in Xuzhou province, one or two times a year, and there were big inspections by the local party committee and the county party committee to the district and the whole county four times a year. Every kan inspection
The timing of the inspection, and are in the two production office craftsman to bear the next time. Before the inspection, Xibeishan notified, once each place received the big inspection, they started to inspect the whole county from the beginning to the end.
When they received the notice of the inspection, they were nervous from the bottom to the top. Some people said, "This kind of notice is a big mobilization. That's true.
This is true. The work in many areas has improved by leaps and bounds before the inspection.

The inspection booklet of the Committee and the Committee for the Inspection of the Work of the People's Republic of China was attended by the responsible departments of all Hu Party committees, agricultural technicians, staff of various departments, and exemplary models of Hongye Zhidong.
Staff, Hongye Zhidong model and other people to participate. Everywhere we went, we learned about the situation, solved the problems, and handed over the information to the people.
Visiting spasms, "Walking on flowers" and "Dismounting to see flowers". and "dismounting to see the flowers?" The combination of The mass dolphin checking is "promotion pump" and "condolence group". It's a "sympathy tour".
The people who participated in the thick inspection books, while looking at the flowers, were "taking a drive", and the inspection tours were "study tours". Some cadres, who seldom traveled to the countryside in the past, participated in the study tours.
Some cadres who seldom went to the countryside in the past, after taking part in this kind of inspection, said that they had been misguided and misguided. Many miracles have been created by the vast number of people in the remote Canggu County.

It is the fact that the new "Bamboo Parking" has been used to govern the new downward mobility of people in the countryside. Province County

The current home production is - a promotion of the work of the ministries and stations is - a type of regional movement, for the six big pregnant | the
The fire cocoon bamboo. The masses recalled their strong feelings of welcome to the thrift field, bud hernia inspection of the Si pull out a lot of construction visits and Jie request. Look at the
The request, this day of inspection of the party activities, but also a very good form of contact with the masses.

The province's big spring checkup has been carried out in the middle of March, and a big checkup will be held in the middle of July.
Inspection. By the end of the year, and then call and smoke the provincial agricultural party into the workers will be plaque, for the province's agricultural production, nearly a happy general essence and evaluation.
and evaluating the province's agricultural production. This method of inspection and evaluation is also a method of dichotomy. In the mass inspection and comparison when
In the mass inspection and comparison, advanced things ÃŽÃ¾i and backward things, and all with extremely vivid image storm in front of the masses, forming a very strong and sharp contrast, so that the majority of the masses
And distinctive than the continent, so that the masses and cadres have been deeply listed by the number of education.

The day in and district made the center work of the village and the provincial ministry station work half life station time name from the

This problem has been basically solved after the whole revolution. However, under the situation of the Great Leap Forward, Jeon

and...                                                                                   1958

| | | | | |
A new situation has arisen. All walks of life were leaping forward, all had the requirements of time and task, and all had the guidance of the mouth. Many tasks
The cooperative is being pressurized with many tasks at the same time. Some of them were not properly organized, so they had to spread their energies and relax their production.
The Provincial Party Committee Inspection Group took resolute measures on this weekly issue. It was not to let all the ministries to be free to drink cold water, but it was to make all the ministries stand under the guidance of the Party Committee.
However, it asked all the departments to deploy their forces under the guidance of the Party Committee, and asked the departments to plan for a leap forward within the production-centered comprehensive leap forward plan formulated by the Party Committee.
The front door of each department should submit all slogans to the Party Committee for review. In short.
In the current situation of agricultural production, the Party Committee should firmly grasp the central work of production and make the macro-industry take the lead.
The Party Committee should firmly grasp the production as the center of work and make the macro-industry take the lead in promoting the pseudo-beneficial work, and the departments should work well under the premise of serving the production first.
The work of each department should be done under the responsibility of the headquarters network before serving the production in the first place. This requires the Party Committee to realize centralized and remote guidance under the principles of collective guidance and division of responsibilities. This
This is a working policy and a method of guidance. Only by strengthening the Party Committee's guidance can we correctly solve the problems of centralized work and departmental and stationary work.
correctly resolve the relationship between the central work and the work of the ministries and stations, in order to ensure the realization of the Great Leap Forward in production and the Great Leap Forward in the work of the holy surface.
The realization of the great leap forward in production and the great leap forward in the work of the holy surface. This method of seizing the central work to drive the public work is one that the Party Central Committee and Comrade Mao Zedong have always emphasized.
We should adhere to this method in our future work.

In the "CE" inspection, a very good method was realized, that is, according to the production seasons, we should grasp every production season and the wells and the workplaces.
That is, according to the production seasons, we should grasp each production season and try our best to make good preparations for the next season or the next year.

Take wheat production for example. In many places, the various aspects of wheat production are tightly grasped, from sowing all the way to the big sale.
Sowing all the way to the wolf food sale, not a step to relax; . And the situation in previous years out up, this year around the special attention to the small test
The latter part of the work of answering The Xiangyang Specialized Public Security Department's one-regulation small-sale test field was swabbed as "three" during the Spring Festival visit and compared to the other.
The masses of the public security office were cried out in big-character posters. The comrades of the Public Security Office were not discouraged, and actively replenished the seedlings, chased fertilizer, and fresh water.
In one month, the three types of seedlings became one type. We went to the test men to see, unanimously agreed that the need for this sound test field.
son, there is a big mu yield of a thousand kilograms of possible. Contrary to this situation, if there is a ring of defense did not grasp, if the front is tight and then loose, a class of the past may also turn into a class of the past.
A class of the past may also become three types of back. From this, I can get such a reed, in the crop is not in the hands of the time, we do not to easy to declare victory.
When the crop is not yet in hand, we should not declare victory easily, nor should we take defeat easily. Even if the second grows well, we should make it even better.
Even if the crop grows poorly, we should make it good from bad to worse, and we should do whatever we can according to the situation of the crop growth.
If you can do it, you must insist on doing it to the end. If there is a natural disaster, we must fight against the natural disaster until the end. Until the crops are in hand, the victory will be declared.
or no harvest has been finalized, then you can admit your failure. We should not declare victory too soon.
prematurely declaring victory and prematurely accepting defeat are both manifestations of the rising qi. The "three types of Gan? The small talents of the
can be transformed into a small person who can transfer a thousand pounds of production, which is due to the fact that there is no discouragement of the Mu reason. Our approach is based on each crop

å’Œç”¸èŠ‚,éƒ½èžä¸ä¸Šå¯¹ äºŽå‘ å¼•äº§çš„å…·ä½“å€™å¯¼ã€‚
The specific guidance for agricultural production is also expressed in the preparation of the next stage of production. In order to make all the show parties
In order to enable all parties to make preparations for next year's agricultural production, the Party Committee convened a meeting of all local committees and county committees in Gucheng County in early May.
The committee's first on-site meeting was held in Gucheng County to discuss the general branding and summer harvest and to arrange for fall planting. A few years of helping to feel the days, for agricultural production.
The first issue 45.

| | | | | |
Not only to grasp tightly, grasp hard, but also to describe the maple grasp drought. This year's great leap forward in production came very violently, making us deeply
This year's great leap forward in production came very violently, making us feel deeply that we are not well-prepared both in terms of thinking and material. In order to make a bigger leap forward next year, we held a meeting before the summer harvest.
Before the summer harvest, we held meetings and visits on autumn planting, followed by meetings and visits on water conservancy and transportation, and planned and arranged for all the work related to winter protection and spring protection.
Early arrangements, so that the production of all things paralyzed, so that the cadres and masses have the ideological preparation, so that after this year's autumn teeth, we may have sufficient bananas, so that they can be used in a variety of ways.
In this way, after the fall of this year, we can have sufficient banana preparation, let go of mobilizing the masses, revitalizing -~ a larger-scale winter annual production climax.

The CPC Central Committee and Mao Zedong have always advised us, "Never fight an unprepared battle". Early preparations will help us to
and to put the Party in a position to take the initiative.

Agricultural Tools and Technological Revolution

A few ways to reform the agricultural tools in Yunnan Province.
Zheng Gang
Comrade Mao Zedong puts the furniture collects Liang's mass movement, :a after ten thousand zu, also exceeds the past tow millennium's sum.

See it as the germ of the technological revolution. This murmur, in going

South Province horse gangs show its correctness and significant far-reaching "-

significance. The Yunnan bamboo, like the Principality, is extensively
a mass movement for the conversion of farm implements into boats. This
movement is forced by the requirements of the great leap forward in agricultural production.
Its development, in turn, pushed Han
It has in turn pushed forward and promoted the industrial asthma
The movement has changed the way people use their medicines.

In order to "fight for three years and change the face of the countryside? The cloud

Yunnan Province carried out a large-scale farmland infrastructure construction in the spring.
The province has carried out a large-scale farmland infrastructure construction program. By the end of April, the water conservancy construction was completed with twelve million cubic meters of water.
million south (each zhuoshan water 400 cubic meters), equal to after liberation
and years of the total amount of construction of two sales, pre-liberation children's millennium curse of adultery
The total amount of three Fu. Yunnan Province is located in the plateau, the Han is a high
off the narrow valley, there are - seven months a year of Wang season, Tien season;, a couple of
Fangnan to even a hundred thousand acres of water to build Xi, wing height of 30 meters to 50 meters of the project.
meters to 50 meters high, there are many projects, the task is more difficult.
The task is quite difficult. The accumulation of fertilizer Yu April stop, the main average of each training demolition of left fertilizer has been
The big one hundred and twenty quintals. The change of terraced land and the change of the county's upper border were nearly two hundred and twenty tons.
46.

 Xiao Mang and the newly liberated mom in Chiliu Da Nation Autonomous County, the region, are the only ones to have been liberated.

The increase in paddy land this spring amounted to seven cents per acre.
From the more proto-colonial society of direct valley integrationism filtered through the
In Lisu Autonomous Prefecture, in the high Lizi Mountains, which range from 4,000 to 4,000 meters above sea level.
In the mountains of Gao Li Zi at an altitude of 4,000 meters to 4,000 meters above sea level, the terraced fields have been opened in seven equal parts.
However, before the construction of the agricultural infrastructure was completed, the battle against drought and seeding had already begun.
The battle against drought and seeding has begun again. Since the last quarter of last year, Yunnan Province has been in a prolonged drought without rain.
Since the last quarter of last year, Yunnan Province has been in drought for a long time without rain, and the amount of rose water is very large.
Vegetable water has begun to post crazy, the public province farmers are following the stove hair control

The farmers in the province are now battling with the battles, fighting with the time, running with the time guards, and making thousands of ways to get the water to the farmers.

The farmers in the province are fighting with the time to sow seeds, and are determined to get a good harvest this year.
To accomplish the above tasks, the small power needed is more than
previous years. The labor enthusiasm of the masses is
The labor enthusiasm of the masses was unprecedented, and the labor rate reached more than nine percent.
Even on the spring festival, they did not take any vacation, and their daily working hours increased by
The number of labor hours per day has increased by one shekel compared to the previous years. It is precisely after the flow of tools in Yunnan rural areas that the mushroom many
In addition to a machete and a head, there are no other tools.
There are other tools, Yu and Niu Kaiming, did not make full use of.
In the construction sites and field transportation inspection, the main vibration people fishing, household picking, head
1958.

| | | | | |
The top of the hill is the top of the hill. This kind of mushroom phenomenon exists; if we only rely on feeding the labor intensity and improving the labor group, we cannot solve the problem.
The problem cannot be solved simply by feeding the labor intensity and improving the labor group.
The problem cannot be solved by feeding the labor intensity and improving the labor team alone. In this way, in the march to nature, the problem of labor shortage and labor shortage is not solved.
The Great Leap Forward in production and the shortage of labor force and low labor productivity are the same.
In this way, in the march to nature, the problem of labor shortage and low labor productivity, which is the cause of the Great Leap Forward, is becoming more and more acute.
They have to use their brains, change their tools, and work hard to get out of the natural state of affairs.
They are trying hard to get out of the natural state of labor.

The movement to improve the tools started from the water conservancy site, and was followed by the movement to improve the tools.
and immediately spread to field transportation and other aspects of agricultural production.
It was immediately followed by field transportation and other aspects of agricultural production. At present, nearly 3,000 kinds of agricultural tools have been improved and more than 2 million of them have been popularized in the province.
At present, nearly 3,000 kinds of agricultural tools have been improved in the province and more than 2 million pieces have been popularized. Because of the use of Feng Feng transport alarm on
medicine labor in Yunnan Hongye production center has been four to seventy percent.
The number of improved tools accounts for 70% of the total number of improved agricultural tools in Yunnan.
One-third of the improved farming tools of the former horse. "Eliminate the abbot man wording,
The "elimination of the man, the man picks, the head", "to realize the cart, oxen and horse carts,
"to realize carting, ox-carting, and this way", became the goal of the farmers in the province.
This has become the goal of the peasants in the province. At present, more than 1,400 communes in 20 districts have realized this goal.
This goal has now been realized in more than 1,400 communes in 20 districts. Xuanliang alone, a small county with a population of more than 100,000 people
In Seonryang alone, a small county with a population of over 100,000, various kinds of railroad tracks have been sold in Jeonwon,
In Seonryang alone, a small prefecture with a population of over 100,000, more than 200 kilometers of railroads (railroads and railroads) have been constructed.
and 4,000 vehicles of various kinds were promoted. It is expected that most of the districts in Hitachi Province will be closed by the end of May.
In May, most of the districts in the province will be automobilized, and in Pyonggi
The province is expected to realize vehicleization in most districts in Quangchenbun and the transformation of Binh Jieh district into a railway.

The result of improved tools has greatly improved labor efficiency.
The result of improved tools has greatly improved labor efficiency. For example, the use of an oxcart is five times more efficient than the use of a man's cart; the use of a wooden cart is fifteen times more efficient.
five sheds; using wooden plus C carts, the efficiency is increased fifteen times.
The use of a wooden barrow with a layer of iron on it improves the efficiency by more than ten times.
The use of the Bureau of pulling trains on the Jishou, can be improved four \ Wang ten times.
The improvement of each tool has further encouraged the group to be more productive and motivated.
and enthusiasm of the group, and promoted the measures to increase production.
The implementation of these measures forced people to further improve their tools.
The implementation of these measures forced people to further improve their tools. With the development of the reform movement in the agricultural counties, the
With the development of the agricultural reform movement, the mass production movement centered on the construction of water conservancy and the accumulation of fertilizers.
No. 1

the movement developed in a short period of time. The whole
and camp water conservancy programs increased from four million to one million mou, and finally to fifteen million mou8 , with a total of four million mou.
and finally increased to fifteen million mu8 , and the implementation of the plan has also increased from four thousand pounds per Xuanjian to one thousand pounds per Xuanjian.
The program has also increased from 4,000 mou per Xuanjian to 1,000 mou, and now the real
The factory has reached twelve thousand pounds. Historically, the Dai area was not fertilized.
Fertilizer in the Dai area, this year, the amount of fertilizer electricity to reach 10,000 pounds per mu.
10,000 pounds, and is still increasing. Cadres and the masses
The cadres and the masses are promoting each other's efforts, and the reform of agricultural tools, production
and measures to promote each other, and the improvement of labor efficiency and
and confidence in increasing production have become prominent features of the Great Leap Forward in agricultural production.
The Great Leap Forward has become a prominent feature of agricultural production.

The facts show that, without the progress made in the past year, there would not have been any significant increase in the number of farmers who have been able to make the leap in agriculture.
Without last year's victory in political and ideological warfare and the consequent emancipation of the mind, there would have been no significant improvement in the agricultural production of the country.
and the consequent emancipation of the mind and reform of agricultural tools, it would not have been possible to build up the present situation.
would not have been able to develop as vigorously as it is now
The movement for the reform of agricultural tools could not have developed as vigorously as it did. In the production boom that followed the completion of cooperativeization in 1959, and in the Sanford Paralytic Movement, there was an increase in the number of workers.
and Sanford paralyzed the seedlings of the reform of agricultural tools.
The masses spontaneously created and improved tools, and the Party committees of the various airports
The Party Committees also supported them. But soon the urban and rural proletariat began to cry "An Min Gong".
"An Min Gong". A section of the Party also published a series of articles on the "An Min Gong".

and subordinates, and the seedling was then destroyed by the sky. The seedling was then expanded by a new generation.

This is a clear indication that the socialist revolution is not a revolution in terms of ownership. This shows that the socialist revolution in the aspect of ownership
Although the socialist revolution opened the way for the development of the productive forces.
But the spirit of the people has not been liberated, and there are many "lids" that suppress the enthusiasm and convenience of the masses.
suppressing the enthusiasm and creativity of the masses, and thus the productive forces of society could not be rapidly and highly developed.
The productive forces of society could not move forward rapidly and at a high level. The victory of the People's Movement
The victory of the People's Movement lifted these covers. The Anti-Rightist
The victory of the Anti-Rightist Movement and the victory of the two main directions of socialism and fundamentalism in the countryside.
The victory of the great parallelism of the two paths in the countryside lifted the first lid.
The anti-unionist elements in the villages and the general rightists in the countryside have been brought down, and the obstructionists have been crushed.
It has shattered the fantasies of the proletariat, and greatly overcome the illusions of the proletariat.
The influence of proletarianism on people has been greatly overcome.
The influence of proletarianism on people has been greatly overcome, and the people have been able to correct their politics.
7.

| The people corrected their political 7.
People's political orientation was corrected and the positive aspects of unionism were promoted. Stalemate
The people's organization also moved to the second Ganzi, the group of more than the Ministry of Culture.
The "Three Houses" and the "Five Spirits" were realized. "The peasantry overcame individualism and localism, and improved the quality of their work.
individualism and localism, and improved the cooperative
They have improved the co-op's management! They have improved relations within the people and raised their communist consciousness.
We've all become more comfortable and dedicated to social progress.

Socialism. The influence of the Communist ideology on people's minds has been reduced. As a result of the vigorous propaganda
publicized the policy of encouraging energy, striving for advancement, quicker, better and more economical.
and criticized the right-saw conservative thinking, the enthusiasm and knowledge of the masses became as great as the original
The enthusiasm and knowledge of the masses were like the original two over the hair, the people were astonished and moved to a new level.
The movement to improve agricultural tools has been moving at an unbelievable speed, creating a miracle that has never been seen before.
The movement to improve agricultural tools took off at an unbelievable speed, inaugurating the prelude to the technological revolution.
It was the prelude to a technological revolution.

In the reform movement, how to correctly grasp the interrelationship between goodness and improvement is the most important factor that can be taken into account.
and improvement is the key to the rapid development of the crocodile movement.
The question of how to correctly grasp the correlation between improvement and improvement is the key to the rapid development of the reform movement. The mechanization of agriculture is everyone's desire, but how?
but how? But how? In the past, there was no

The solution was not there in the past. As soon as mechanization was introduced, people were

looked at the First Automobile Manufacturing Factory and Luoyang Tractor Factory, listening
They could not supply them adequately, so they had to breathe a sigh of relief.
Looking back, there was not even one blacksmith in many places.
The double-checked, double-colored He Zi reprimanded and had to go to the county town to make repairs.
The special administrative office will be able to repair it. The single-country tractor is a snake,
automobiles and workers, mechanization can only be a distant hope.
hope. The road to technological revolution in China is to follow the path of mechanization and reform of agricultural tools.
mechanization and reform of agricultural tools. We have dispelled
superstitions, and breaking the belief that we should not look at reality and focus only on the success of a tractor factory.
We have broken the superstitions, broken the practice of not looking at the reality and only looking at one tractor factory.
The people's "don't wait for the foreign machine, rush to make the last machine" is a bold and recent action.
action. *The "Zhufu opened factories, everyone learned wood eating, and every household made a factory.
4.

Push carts", wood is not corner, then dismantle tables, chairs and carts, "wide sales
The "beds" were turned into "bunks", the "high bunks" into "short bunks", and the "grass bunks" into "floor bunks".
Store". A township, a county, the former war class county night, ten county night, then realize the car.
night, then realized the car, labor efficiency increased by several
The efficiency of labor has increased by several times. Not relying on the millions of peasants themselves to "move their hands and feet", this kind of
hand and foot", this speed is unimaginable. The peasants regarded the
Farmers regarded the reform of agricultural tools as the "second turnaround", the "second key to help".
The peasants regarded the reform of agricultural tools as a "second turnaround", a "second key gang", and the peasants said, "Look, look, look, look, here comes unionism."
"With the car chemical people also have to live more years." This is a clear example of how the masses have learned from personal experience.
The masses understand the meaning of the technological revolution from personal experience.
This proves that Comrade Mao Driftung's instructions on the technological revolution are the result of the masses' urgent need to understand the meaning of technological revolution.
proves that Comrade Mao's instructions on the technological revolution have concentrated the urgent demands of the masses, and that he has a firm grasp of the masses and is now turning them into a reality.
It is now in the hands of the masses and is being transformed into a great material force.
It is being transformed into a great material force that will keep the technological revolution moving forward.
In the agrarian revolution movement, we must first seize the urgent demands of the masses.
the urgent demands of the masses and to popularize those things which are relatively easy to achieve.
and. The reason why the reform of transportation tools in Yunnan has been given top priority is because of the contradictions in this respect.
is because the contradictions in this area are the most prominent and the labor is the heaviest.
The labor is the heaviest. The reason why the Pingchang area is the most cancerous area to do
Why does the Pingchang area like to do the "Benjisai" and why does the registered area like to do the ropeway the most? It's because it's
is the highest rate of the current district, and it is the best thing that the people can do with human and material resources.
It can be done by human and material resources of the people. Among agricultural tools, transportation, water conservancy
Transportation tools, water tools, tools for agriculture (threshing, slicing, rice-carboning, grinding, etc.) and some of the tools for agriculture are also used.
transportation, water tools, tools for "threshing, slicing, grinding, milling, etc." and some tools for plowing and sowing are relatively easy to improve and are popular among the people.
They are easy to improve and popular among the masses.
If these tools are solved, more than 10 percent of the handicrafts can be liberated.
The solution will liberate more than 10 percent of the handicrafts industry. In addition to deep plowing, chopsticks, grass, harvesting, and other tools, it is necessary to build a new system in Buwei.
The principle of intensive cultivation must be applied to all kinds of tools.
We must actively create new technologies.
In technological reforms, we are striving to achieve improvement on the basis of popularization.
In technological reform, it is important to strive for popularization on the basis of popularization and improvement.
This is a very important issue. According to our organization, the difference between the two is one.
The two are more, faster, better and cheaper. Good and economical. The masses began to create it.
1955

| The
The things hard to move some rough or simple huh, and even some carts
The child can not push; some have to be picked by people. But as long as timely through
But as long as in time through exhibitions, visits, the mass of the total evidence than, branded with the
The guide and technicians of the bee fixed, consult the elimination of the ring, promote good
and popularize them on a new basis, Frog County will gradually improve.
The transportation Transportation from handcart to wooden railroad car straight slag duck
The process of the development of the railroad train is also the process of popularization and enhancement.
The development process of the transportation means from carts to wooden railroad carts, is also the process of popularization and improvement, the leadership and the masses are in harmony, and the people constantly carry forward the wisdom of the masses.
The process of the wisdom of the masses. *A building of 10,000 meters high rises from the ground", no
Without the stacking of bricks and stones, the Shouzhong repeatedly could not be built up.
The reason why the agricultural tools reform movement became a great technological
The reason why the agricultural tools reform movement became the germ of a superior technology is that it pushed all aspects of the
change in all areas. Craftsmen, local industries and big industries were the first to bear the brunt of
were pushed to develop and save new technologies. In order to realize the large number of macros
to realize the continuous reforms, it was necessary to organize factories in Haumea, which required large quantities of iron, wood and stone spraying; this led to the development of new technologies and the development of new technologies,
wood, and stone spray; this required the handicraft industry to use extraordinary methods to bring up
This required the handicraftsmen to bring up the apprentices in an extraordinary way, and the handicraftsmen were required to improve their skills and do some honorable and critical jobs.
The craftsmen were required to improve their skills and do some honorable and critical work, and they were also required to have -some
They were also required to have some visual equipment. This, in turn, forced the industries in the prefectures and counties to instruct and equip the handicrafts.
and equip the handicrafts. Finally, the big industries were asked to improve themselves, equip and guide the zones and counties.
Finally, the big industries were asked to improve themselves, equip and guide the industries in the prefectures and counties: in Linzhi
The situation in Linzhi and the influence of ideological emancipation
The general craftsmen were regarded as the highest technicians.
The factory, moved out of the tractor generator, the name of the driving machine this
Although the tractor was not very impressive, its main function was to break down superstitions.
The main function of the tractor was to dispel superstition and to enable modernized factories to produce more and better tractors.
factories to produce more and better tractors. From here, we can
and see the deep significance of the simultaneous shortening of industry and agriculture.
The macro-reforms also promoted the learning of technology and science,
culture. The huge task of water conservancy produced a group of water conservancy technicians.
batch of water conservancy technicians, so that every county had a team of intellectuals and peasants working together.
Each county had a water conservancy team of two to three hundred people made up of intellectuals and peasants.
The water conservancy team of 300 people. The campaign to improve agricultural tools was a double boost.
Issue 1

Each of these cooperatives has rapidly developed batches of carpenters, stonemasons, masons, and masons.
carpenters, janitors, and masons. The current situation is very conducive to
raising our level of subchemical technology. The great leap forward in production and
technological reforms in all areas are making it imperative for people to learn. Learning and practicing are closely linked.
Learning and practicing are closely linked, so we can learn
quickly and well. In order to master the technology, many comrades of the local committees are
Comrades of the local committees are now inviting counting staff to go up to the lice, to conduct trial tests, and to conduct mass bombing tests.
Many comrades in the local committees are using the methods of inviting mathematicians to the fields, conducting experiments, and testing with the general public to study scientific knowledge.
Rural grassroots cadres have also made learning technology a major part of their studies.
The content. In many counties, when the ministry held a meeting, technology learning became an extensive program, and several people were invited to attend the meeting.
In many counties, when the ministries held meetings, technical courses became an extensive program, and a number of people were taught by the committee members.
The number of students is now being learned by the commissioners. Many cooperatives have set up technical rentals. Many cooperatives have set up technology centers.
Many of the cooperatives with more than one taro producer have obtained ammonia,.... The effect of calcium is not only a problem, it is also a problem,
Calcium. In order to master the technology, the farmers' demand for learning feminization
The demand for learning feminization has increased. In the past, private schools were put on hold when production was tense, but this year, they are at the height of production.
time, but this year, in the midst of the climax of production, there has been a wave of feminization business
This year, however, in the midst of the production climax, there has been a wave of commercialization of motherhood, and private schools and agricultural high schools have mushroomed.
This year, there has been a wave of commercialization in the midst of the production boom, with private schools and agricultural high schools springing up. The new face of the countryside
The new face of the countryside is: "Flying in the sky, snowing on the ground, the mass
technology, and everyone is learning. The masses have risen to
to master technology themselves, and the technological revolution is no longer seen as a mystery to a few experts and know-it-alls.
The technological revolution is no longer regarded as a mysterious matter for a few specialists and intellectuals.
The emancipation of communist ideology, the advance of the technological revolution, the development of the productive forces, socialist materialism
advancement of communist ideology, the development of the productive forces, the strengthening of the material basis of socialism, and the consolidation of the socialist system.
and the consolidation of the socialist system, are mutually promoting and
They are mutually reinforcing. As long as we follow the instructions of the Central Committee of the Party and of Mao Drift
the instructions of the CPC Central Committee and Mao Biaozhi, further emancipate our minds, and work hard with boldness and martyrdom.
We can surely speed up the completion of the technological revolution by working hard on the ground.
The task of technological revolution can certainly be accomplished at an accelerated pace. Even in our relatively backward border areas
Even in our relatively backward border areas, it is possible to realize in a very short time a technological revolution based on the use of improved macros.
Even in our relatively backward border areas, it is possible to achieve within a very short period of time the "ten mechanization" based on the use of improved macromachinery, III. In the middle age
In the middle of the next few years, we will be able to mechanize our services, and in the next five to seven years, we will be able to achieve basic mechanization.
The author is a member of the Yunnan Provincial Committee of the Communist Party of China.

-The author is a member of the Yunnan Provincial Committee of the Communist Party of China.

| | | | | | | |


